I am suprised they support any fiat currencies at all. I withrdaw entirely from binance as you can't use GBP, USD, EURO, hardly any european currency. So think before you start trading there because it is a nightmare. I would recommend coinbase or kraken where you have vast range of fiat currencies to use, you can transfer money directly from debit card.

Binance have been a night mare. Invested 300 dollar to test it out. Cumbersome login, verification system. And limts on how much you can withdraw. It worked wit my Norwegian credit cart to deposit funds. but with  withdrawal it dint function to pay out to the account on the same credit card. And when I tried to ad my PayPal account for withdrawal that dint function as well. Verifying with finance and google authentication, tried it again and again and you just fall off in the prosess because you have to have 3 codes in one from google authentication, one sent to your phone and one sent to you're email. Hurry up and get alle codes in place before the time run out. And still it is stuck. Tried the same on their website. Still stuck in twilight zone.I would recommend everyone, to chose another alternative than Binance.

Binance should be shut down in my view. It is a huge scam designed to steal people’s money. Their “customer support” is an automated nonsense designed to run you in circles, provide misleading information and then continue the whole sequence again. Missing funds, failure to access your funds all happens here. It’s a Wild West of crypto with only one winner - and it’s not you! Avoid this awful company like the plague. FTC report incoming for this revolting sham of a company.

binance suspended my withdrawal functions 3 months ago. every time I talk to support team they give me the same answer.I ask You (binance) to close my account and withdraw my funds.Accoun ID 362176610Support team answer."Dear user, we apologize for the delay in addressing your issue and understand that it can be frustrating to wait longer than the estimated time for a resolution. Our team is working diligently to resolve cases as quickly as possible. We appreciate your patience and understanding during this period. Rest assured that your case is important to us, and we will get back to you as soon as we can. Once again, we apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your continued support."

BINANCE has been frustrating for me lately, I have this difficulty in withdrawing my funds anytime I try this. I can't have access to my own money? That's just too awful for me to bear, I had to contact a good trader to give me some hints on what i should do. I was referred to this wonderful being and trust worthy person, its not easy building TRUST with people this days but I could tell that this person is the best I could refer anybody facing this wallet issues to. He got my Wallet back in  a stable condition and my Funds where still intact. Special thank to you Samuel Taylor Trader you can reach out to him on 𝐈𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐚𝗺 @𝐒𝐚𝗺𝐮𝐞𝐥𝐭𝐚𝐲𝐥𝗼𝐫 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐞𝐫.

it's been 66 days since binance disabled withdrawal functions on our family's account. those were all our savings. we do NOT want to use binance anymore. just close our account and let us withdraw our money.Accoun ID 362176610

Binance is a bucket shop in my view. I accidently transfered an erc-20 token (which is not listed) to my binance wallet. Instead of giving the customers the option to "withdraw" by themselves for the usual fee, they want $ 500 to send the tokens back. They could just program an algorithm that sends out an email to ask the customer if the tokens should be sent back for a small fee. Instead, they probably have endless avoidable discussions with customers. My tokens were worth less than $ 500, so they won't send them back. That makes sense because the rip-off fee is higher than the actual price of my tokens.

I was not able to fully use the services of your application. The Binancier TR platform does not allow you to pass the second level authorization for a residence permit in Turkey!I've uploaded ikamet's photo 50 times and every time it's an error!When will you fix this bug?

Another update: You stolen my money! I can't acces more then 1.5m $ since months i'm locked out and you can't even find out what is the problem! You are Scammers!! I read a lot of review and lot of people having really similar situations! I'm in big depth because of you! I want to log in to my account and finish the source of wealth thru the app which i submitted multiple times via google form! You not helping just saying excuses! My health destroyed as well because of this! Its not fair .. not with me and not with my family!Case id# 103356328

Since 2018 Binance is biased against my verification. It is very frustrating and disgusting. I now hate this exchange.Phone verification done, email verification done, biometric done successful and you have the copy of a person's ID/Passport. How then does such a person fail KYC?Hopeless!!!

Bad experience, they is no support ,just a horrible bot!! Binance is bigger than this crap! Deposited 50 euros ,can't use it to buy anything keeps saying "unable to process" with this horrible code (997000001) I shouldny have gone through the hassle of verifying Binance,I've never seen an exhcnage so problematic ,laggy and slow without support!!! This exchange is hyped!! I should have registered for coinbase instead I've never experienced this kind of hassle there!

they do not attend to their client, i am 100 percent sure am not the only one that experience this, my second review talks about a company i gave 5 stars for a job welldone, they resolved my crypto issues easily.

i just advice and talked about someone that had about 10 bit coin locked on his account, he was granted a recover by the company i gave a five star in my second review, click my profile to see..

I sold a phone on Facebook, the buyer suggested paying via Binance, after he paid me and I handed him the phone, I received a message from Binance that my account was frozen and all my money was frozen due to (receiving suspicious money)I tried to contact the support team, but the only answer was asking me to return the money to its source to recover my account, Binance blackmailed me and froze $100k for $200.The support team promised me to recover my account a day after I accepted the refund.. After blackmailing me, I decided to accept to return the money to its source, and I tried to contact the buyer to retrieve my phone, but I did not succeed.Two days passed and Binance did not return my account..I tried to contact the support team, but they did not answer me..Many days passed and I tried, but all the answers were stupid.I decided to go to the judiciary, and as soon as I threatened them with the judiciary, they would return my money to me.They caused me a huge loss in addition to blackmailing me and forcing me to pay money to a fraudster.I do not advise anyone to deal with this fraudulent company..there are many better platforms than this one.

ticket #2743753I traveled from Oregon to California When I created my account I wqs in Oregon now I am back in California( my new promary residence)And when I am doing Convert Buy Sell Deposit Everything is failingSo disappointing I really want to take my business elsewhere!

very stupid made selling crypto with a limit very annoying.... also makes problems with the app registration...  i will switch to another platform....

Hello everyone! I opened a buy position on futures EDU/USDTI opened 9 orders buy to be safe. At night when I was sleeping binance liquidated my transaction. One of my orders didn't work. Support can't resolve this problem. They said that they  don't have access to my phone and they can't control this process cancel orders". It's important to mention that if the order were executed they cannot liquidated me. They asked for registration of screen and screen shots, let's be honest who registered screen??))))That is how they fuked me...search it by my ID 200524783

my account has been frozen since 2022, i cannot trade.They accepted my deposits for 18 months without any problem, suddenly they want me to account for every trade, which i have, exactly how where monies came from, but to no avail. They just keep asking me to verify, a number of times, but never any result. Seems they have no managers. Headless chickens more like

Binace has been messing up for more than 3days now. I am not one that write reviews but I feel so cheated. I sent some coins from my wallet to my invesmnet account with PlanOff, but I did not get the coins for more than 3days. I am so pained because I lost the trade and couldn't close the deal before it expired. More than 24000 USD lost

I enjoy their P2P Service. It's very safe to transactions.

“Binance.com, Case ID #105154495”Dear Binance Support,I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to bring to your attention a concerning issue regarding the freezing of my funds in my Binance wallet.My funds in binance, totaling 150,000 USDT, have been locked since May24,without any clear explanation from your support team. I understand that issues can arise, but I kindly request a prompt resolution and a transparent explanation regarding the freezing of my funds.As a valued customer, I believe that a leading global cryptocurrency exchange such as Binance should uphold the highest standards of customer service and transparency. The lack of information and the vague response from your support team have caused me to question the security and integrity of my assets on your platform. It is crucial for me to have confidence in the safety of my funds.I kindly request that you provide me with an exact timeline of when I can expect a detailed explanation regarding the freezing of my funds. It is essential for me to understand the reasons behind this action, as it directly affects my ability to manage my assets effectively. I am willing to cooperate fully to resolve any concerns or issues, but I also need reassurance that my assets are secure. I must emphasize that I am a legitimate merchant who engages in buying low from my customers and selling high on the Binance platform. Therefore, I firmly believe that my funds should not be subjected to arbitrary freezing.Thank you for your attention to this matter. I sincerely hope that we can resolve this issue swiftly and restore my trust in the Binance platform. I look forward to receiving your prompt response.Yours sincerely,Mrs Wai

Best platform I have ever seen. I love everything binance doing from p2p trading to binance pay. Everything is stable and effective for both new users and professionals.

Avoid. Deposited legit funds from a U.K bank account in my name. Binance started to ask about all my assets, asking for documentation of things like my house!  Customer service hasn't been very useful in explaining anything. UK users, google Binance FCA and make your own mind up.Note the reply from them. They do not need to ask to see house details for a 25K GBP deposit from my savings. This is nonsense.

I have been using Binance exchange now for the past 6 years. They suspended my P2P account and i also tried making withdrawals it's suspended with my money inside. I regret to ever come across Binance in my life 😭😭😭😭

lately, i started to make money consistently on Binance, but when i checked my deposit, i found that Binance started to make me lose more than what i was supposed to lose, & when i win it makes me win less than what am supposed to win. because my win to lose is 2/1r, so it's impossible for me to make mistakes counting how much i lose & how much i win. it's like they are trying to make me go back to when i used to lose, like before.

Currently the best trading platform available with the fastest withdrawals and deposits. Also safety is what matters amongst Crypto exchanges and Binance is the best at the moment for safety.

I have been using Binance Exchange from 2016. I did not face any problem in deposit, trading and withdraw. Moreover in trading if you buy a coin with more market price by mistake the system never take the over price. They are honest. I hope they will be strict in their honesty.

I used binance for a long time, everything was so good, I got used to this platform and enjoyed all the possibilities that it gave me. but one day they blocked me, for which no one explained. and this is the worst thing that can be, they didn’t even explain to me why they did this to me. because I'm 100% sure that I didn't do anything that they would have the right to do so. Maybe I made a mistake somewhere, but can you explain why? It's not my fault, but I lost my account. they don’t understand anything, they block people like that, they just don’t know what to do and spoil the attitude towards themselves. I will never in my life advise anyone to use this platform, simply because they are not fair

since i get to know binance i have never ever reach any difficulties in depositing, withdrawals, log in or any issue regarding my account. and in case of more verifications in withdrawing i believe its just for making sure you are the owner of the account. i am using this app and i will be using it as an exchange, trading site and investment path also to the unknown. Great work binance team!

keeps asking for new verifications, STOP I DID NOT AGREE ON THIS; WE SIGNED A CONTRACT AT THE BEGINNING; YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO DEMAND CHANGES EX POST!!!!!

STAY WELL AWAY! SCAM PLATFORM! THEY HAVE BLOCKED MY MONEY AND DEACTIVATED SUPPORT SO THAT I NOW HAVE MONEY STUCK IN MY ACCOUNT AND CANNOT CONTACT ANYONE. STAY AWAY!!! IT'S A SCAM LIKE FTX!UPDATE: AFTER TWO HOURS THE SUPPORT IT'S STILL NOT AVAILABLE (AND WAS DONE INTENTIONALLY AS I HAVE SCREENSHOTS AND VIDEOS) MY LAWYERS ARE TRYING TO FIND THEIR LEGAL EMAIL THAT EXISTS NOWHERE, AND I'M KEEN MORE THAN EVER TO GO FULL GUN BLAZED AGAINST BINANCE. AS THEIR PRACTICES ARE NOT LEGAL AT ALL! NO ONE SHOULD EVER SWTICH OFF THEIR SUPPORT, ESPECIALLY WHEN SUPPORT EMAIL IS NOWHERE VISIBILE AS PER THE LAW!FURTHER UPDATE: DO NOT TRUST THESE SCAMMERS. THERE IS NO TRACE FOR AN EMAIL OR A SINGLE NUMBER TO CALL AND YOU ARE LOST AS YOUR FUNDS SHOULD YOU EVER ENGAGE IN SUCH SCAMMY PLATFORMS!!! USE COINBASE INSTEAD AND YOU'LL BE SAFE 100%UPDATE TO BINANCE RESPONSE:I HAVE FULL VIDEO FOOTAGE IN MULTIPLE BROWSERS, AND WITHOUT CACHE, YOU HAVE DISABLED THE CHAT FOR THE SECOND TIME. ALSO ACCORDING TO UK BUSINESS LAWS BINANCE MUST PROVIDE A VISIBLE AND VIABLE EMAIL FOR SUPOORT. I HAVE EXTENSIVE FOOTAGE ABOUT THIS MATTER ASWELL AND CURRENTLY ALL BEING PASSED TO THE ATTORNEYS. YOULL DEAL WITH THEM FROM HEREON YOU BUNCH OF FRAUDSTERS! ILL SHOW YOU HOW TO HIDE BEHIND A SCREEM AND A KEYOBOARD, AS WELL AS A WELL COATED WALLED GARDEN. YOULL FACE SOME SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES THATS ALL I CAN PROMISE YOU FROM HEREON.

good exchange but very slow in innovating, has become like a corporate now, should have behaved like a startup.

I was messaged by a fake Binance support twice to withdraw funds to a specific wallet. I had fell for it once already the second time i was contacted by the fake support team Binance had warned me that a binance user had reported the wallet and it was being used for crime/scams. When they had originally sent the warning, they had suspended my withdrawals. They had asked me loads of questions about the wallet and the fake support team, but said they will take 14 days to review my withdrawals being unsuspended. I am now anxious as to what is going to happen to me. i’m the victim but Binance putting the suspension on my account is really making me feel like I’m the criminal and like I have done something wrong. Please Binance sort this out so i can use my account properly again and continue with my investment. This is really putting a stop on my whole living. If I am the victim why can’t i continue using my account as usual? Why must I undergo and slow down my life for another persons wrong doings to me?

I was told to use binance to withdraw my funds from my crypto account. I was asked to deposit the same amount so I could be transfers my crypto money and the money back I deposited. This however didn’t go through as I put the wrong details in. The following day I provided the correct details then they wanted another amount double the original deposit so I can now get my money back. I’m really not happy doing this and now I can’t get my funds back. Fuming!!

They don’t allow me to withdraw my money. I wouldn’t recommend Binance and I will go to the authorities.

Why when I want to draw my money do I have to pay 2,500 for tax then when I paid that they asked for other tax payments why can't they just take it from my funds I only invested just over 6,000 now they are refusing my messages and refusing to pay out what is mine I just want my money back

I have been working with this exchange since 2017 and today it just blocked my account. Citing that I got dirty 300 USDT, but I checked them they are clean! I've been trying to get my account open for two days now and I could withdraw 13k of my personal money! But Binance is holding it and not giving it to me! And says to wait 1-2 weeks! This is crazy, why? Why? I do not understand anything! This is pure scam! Read carefully, it happens to everyone! If you think that your account they do not block, you're wrong! Run away from there!

I want to close my account, but they won't allow me, they first want literally all my personal data to "verify" my account (which was fully verified before but somehow become unverified).If I try to reach out to support, the app just redirects me to an article saying I need to tell them even how many eyelashes and moles I have in my body. I don't even live in the country I set anymore, and in order to change it they also want me to contact support.It's a pathetic app and it's a pity they will have to keep my data, with my account open and some cents in it. Fortunately I withdrew everything before you decided to become this way.

Straight up best performing exchange. Never had any issues and only ever liked every feature Binance offered.

Only started trading in the last month but have been asked by Binance to complete advance verification by proving my liquidity by depositing £5k…I don’t want to trade anymore & don’t want to continue I’m only looking to withdraw what I’ve made to date but can’t???

The support service chat is absolute trash. Like speaking to a low-quality bot developed by a recent graduate. The agents lack the most basic qualification, not just about the platform itself but about basic computer skills. Absolutely dramatic.The platform is a UX nightmare. It's impossible to get to the place you want to go if you don't save it in your browser bookmarks. Navigation is like a living hell and the transaction reports are pure gibberish of mixed information without any logic that not even specialized accountants can understand. You will need to hire a third-party tool to interpret the Binance reports, and it will cost you more than 100 USD.RESPONSE TO BINCANCE (12/05/2023):Hello, my case is 104632490.

This answer not good neither. But i'lm use to this from the support you avoid all the correct answer. I message every day multiple times you tell me to wait 24-48 hours because the special team investigating . Then i message again and again if anything happened keeping the chat open for days then you say its closed because inactivity. You just obviulously don't want to be help. You say you are the biggest crypto company and you can't solve this simple problem. You are liars and you stealing the money from everyone. I take screenshot from all the conversations and i will share with a cnn or some newspaper so everyone can see this.  I wan't to log in to my own account!! Show me how big exchange you are and you can solve this problem. Case id: #97167245

My account was frozen on 11/05/23 after I made a deposit of €100 from my ZEN bank card and saw that the amount credited to me exceeded my balance on the bank card, after which I returned the funds back to the card because there  there was a negative balance. The next day, my Binance account with my personal funds was frozen and access to the support service was closed, which is very strange and not very pleasant for a user of the exchange. On the same day, I sent all the proofs of my innocence with screenshots to escalations e-mail but I still haven't even received a reply! The support service, in turn, tells me that from now on all communications are only through mail, but how can I communicate with someone if they don't even respond to me and have blocked my account for 13 days already!

binance spam #1 in the world, if you don't want to lose your funds, withdraw them from there as soon as possible, support mocks people in the literal sense, they assure that your funds are safe, my funds will be safe when I withdraw them from the exchange!

To deposite money in binance i never needed any verification. Then to take out the same money they ask to veify and more verification on top of it. This is a kind of scam.More over once you get verified, the money width draw do not work, because in UI i get "Unkown error occured"

a few years ago it was exchange #1, had no analogues. But the competitors didn't sleep and now it's just a "so-so" exchange, there're a lot much better ones, with better commissions, better UI etc.

Very unreliable web page which is always busy, not working or buggy. Very complicated authentication procedures, which are popping up very randomly.Very hard to withdrawal money. Its very easy to buy stuff, but almost impossible to sell/withdrawal the balance. The options to buy are not existing for the selling option, which makes it for me impossible to take my money out from this buggy sh**.

Randomly requested further verification which I completed but still unable to use my account 3 weeks on. Cannot withdraw or add funds into my account. Customer service bounce you around like they are on an hourly rate and don’t give you a direct answer, very poor experience when things go wrong, this is what I get even though it says I’m verified.  “This service is temporarily unavailable. Alternatively, you can buy and sell cryptocurrencies directly through our P2P service. (PA000001038)” In reply to Binance ongoing saga the most recent case iD is 104500130

unprofitable cloud mining contracts, you will get back about 50% of the invested funds!!! be careful! I will provide proof. all 3 contracts are unprofitable! shame binance lying desk of dirty hucksters

I transfered (EFT) 6000 ZAR to BAM TRADING NEDBANK account on 14 April, it has not been received to my BINANCE wallet. Each time I appeal they ask for proof of payment, Bank Statement & now Payment Certificate which I have no idea what it is. My appeal was rejected and they referred me to Support. The reply I received from BINANCE is standard and so generic, I have been sending appeals and ask for expedite yet there’s more requests for supplementary documentation. Doesn’t BINANCE keep the data of its users. This case even got a response by KELLY with this number 2728276, which I don’t even know if that’s the case-number you are referring to. PAY BACK MY MONEY!

BIG SCAM!!!BIG SCAM!!!They asked for screenshots with my bank details .I blocked them . They have a group on what’s up where they try to convince you can make a lot of money but in end you need to make a deposit🙈. Big scam !!!

Thanks to your 24 hours restriction on funds, I lost $500 today and I was almost getting 5 margin calls today on my broker because I can't withdraw from your e wallet due to the stupid 24 hours restriction on the funds, I contacted the customer support many times they lack experience and couldn't help saying we can't do anything about that after a long wasted time

Very bad of you for a number one leading crypto exchange to have such poor customer service,my 10k hanged yet you call yourself crypto leading exchange.you guys need to be careful with this scammers I tell youI'm able to make enough profits from this amazing honest platform called cryptoscreek-mining.comWhat binance could not do for me cryptoscreek-mining did it smoothly

This is the worst experience someone could have when it comes to trading crypto. First off, when I deposited money, they automatically took out a fee without even warning me. Then I tried to make my first trade and lost $30 just in fees. They took $15 for opening a trade and $15 for closing it. And for every coin other than bitcoin they do this without even a warning. Lastly when I went to withdraw my money, it took me 2 whole days because they wouldn't let me withdraw from the same card I deposited it from. Absolute scammers of a company. 0/10

I was asked to verify my "source of wealth".In the middle of April, I sent them all of the documents necessary to prove the source of wealth. Even though, it is said on their webpage that it will take up to 3-5 days for them to check all of the details, I didn't get any response for 3 weeks.I decided to open the live chat with them myself. I was constantly put on hold. I have been waiting for "48 hours" (that's what they will tell you) for 5-6 times already. No useful response whatsoever.Finally, I got the response that "I didn't pass the verification" and had to start the process all over again. I sent them all of the documents once more.After waiting for a week I got a response that "I didn't pass the verification"... Again. There is absolutely no way that the sent documents don't prove my source of wealth at this point.It's the 25th of May now. They have frozen my 3000€. I can't withdraw it, I can't send it to my family members. Nothing.I read that many other customers have faced this ridiculous behavior from Binance, as well.Case ID: #104661860

The company is a complete fraud alongside many other exchanges/brokers in this industry and I wholeheartedly and genuinely look forward to the day when they collapse and are exposed for who they are. Based on my many years of expirience working in the trading industry, my user experience with Binance, and my observations over a long period of time, I can confirm they utilise bots to monitor your buy and sell orders on a micro level, especially the more leverage you use. The market will ALWAYS go against your trade unless you time your orders perfectly and you leave the bots with no room to go against the actual market price. For instance, making a buy order when the candle is literally hanging off what I call "the sweet spot" on the red candle. Even if there is an obvious sweet spot and you decide to make the order, it will always go against your trade till you are forced to close your trade to prevent a bigger loss or stopped out.THIS IS EXACTLY WHY they offer different trading contracts and options (such as derivatives, trading features, etc) because it squeezes users into a smaller category to be able to manipulate prices more. This a common tactic used by many brokers/exchanges, and they train their employees to tell clients that "each exchange offer different prices because they different companies", which is the biggest lie on the face of this earth. At the end of the day, people need to understand that every company has one goal; TO MAKE AS MUCH MONEY AS POSSIBLE and NOT to give YOU money. THIS IS WHY they encourage you to make deposits. THIS IS WHY they offer bonuses. THIS IS WHY it is so easy to make a deposit and withdrawals are always delayed. TIME = MONEY. Without YOU, there is no business.The most important lesson that I have learned is that the tiniest price discrepancy MAKES A BIG DIFFERENCE and companies like Binance thrive on this. That being said, I would advise anyone to stay the F away from Binance because you will lose every single penny you invest, and this is only going to get worse when AI enters the picture.

First, after I opened an account without much ado and without a lot of verification steps, deposited money, and bought crypto, they now want me to verify my account, but basically reject every single method I send them (ID, passport, etc.), even though I can access the account on my phone and computer. Without verifying my account, I cannot sell and withdraw.Also, it's basically f**-ing impossible to figure out how to do anything on the site, it's crazy convoluted, one link just sending you down the rabbit hole of many other links.Go to Coinbase.

I’m so glad, I haven’t got a lot in this exchange any more. I was asked to provide my “source of wealth” declaration, which I of-course did. Payslips, sale of property proof, bank statements proving sale of property and supporting docs. This has been going on for 2 months now and we have no resolution. They cannot tell me why this isn’t resolved. Constantly under review. No guidance or discussion.I’d like to think I’m a pretty intelligent professional and deal with quite complicated deals day to day. However, these guys have me baffled with their incompetence.I see 2 scenarios:- They clearly don’t have the right personnel to deal with customer issues.- They are hiding something more sinister to avoid paying customers, which is a massive concern.I like much of the reviewers am having a nightmare dealing with them. Their answers feel like a smokescreen and aversive. We careful you have been warned.

variety of services! absolutely love using mobile app! user friendly and easy to use.

Additional Verification is Under Review for 1 weekI signed up in binance and tried to use fiat services and buy crypto with my card, i completed kyc but then binance demanded me to verify my source of wealth. I did it too, sent my documents and customer services said the first etap of the verification is completed. Waiting for the final confirm. But it's been one week that i am waiting! They always say, wait more and i do but all the time they promised has passed and still it is under review. Very poor service, support... My case id is: 104182483

Best Trading Platform for deposit and withdraw money I have satisfied for binance support...

I have been a Binance Global user for over two years. Everything was normal until 4 days ago. When I tried to withdraw my cryptocurrency, I received an error message saying 'Your account is restricted, please do a facial verification'. I completed the verification, but when I tried to withdraw again, I received the same error message with no explanation or solution provided.When I contacted the live support, they told me to wait for a bit while they investigated, but then transferred me from one person to another without any response or explanation. I am unable to withdraw my own money and don't know the reason for the restriction. It's disappointing because I have referred many people from local exchanges to Binance until now...Incase you need : Case ID #104539809Edit: I already asked "specialist" and got bunch of same answers with " we can not share details  as now "...

I tried to deposit some crypto from another platform. I followed all verification process, etc. when I chose the coins to be deposit, XRP and USDT, Binance website showed me the address to use for each of them. I used the given addresses but the coins never arrived. The following day I contacted Binace, provided screenshots with the addresses used and the transactions from the other platform too with the same address. After hours of chat with Binance they concluded that I was victim of malware as those were not the real addresses. That's just insane because they are saying that any malware can change any text information displayed in their website. This is not that I copied the address and then a malware changed the address and I pasted the bad one, no, it's Binance showing an address and then saying that's not the real wallet. They don't answer either why I still could see the wrong address in their website when I started the chat and after their "investigation" I could see suddenly the new one. If my PC was infected I should still be seeing the wrong address.Case ID #104820860

I reported the case of using their platform for extensive scams and fraudulent activities, but Binance has made no attempt regards the resolution of this issue. I keep getting asked to go on the chat link which eventually comes back to nowhere.Contacting Binance is so uninteresting, so time wasting.

I had deposited some 5000 USD in SGDCOINS.LIVE and they are not able to withdraw...they are asking more 2000 USD to withdraw 5000USD!So how to proceed...I would like to Raise complain against this website!

Case ID #104726768 I’ve mentioned case ID regarding my issue. Please solve as soon as possible.

Binance It's Amazing it's a great platform easy to use and secure i had excellent experience with binance p2p trading and customer service is very good I'm happy with binance exchange i will suggest you guys to use binance and enjoy! Thanks to CEO of Binance CZ. I really appreciate you and your team. Keep going wish you and your team all the best.❤️😊

For the number 1 leading Crypto Exchange having a customer service like that is unexceptable. So bad ! Every time it feels like you are talking with a dumb Bot or a 5 years old kid ! I can't trust this exchange anymore with a customer service that will never help you

Binance is the biggest Scamer in the Crypto Universe.They have clean my verification and now I can not transfer my money to another Wallet.Also a new verification is not available.

They definitely have a problem with the distribution of rewards.  The "angels" broadcasting on Telegram channels are not helping much.  For example, only 10 people from the Binance Global Turkey Telegram group won 20 USDT awards.  Classic question and answer activity.  However, even this award, which is not a form and a raffle, was not distributed in 1 month.  A very busy crypto exchange that counts on its size and thinks it's big...

Thanks support to solve problem with trade as fast as possible, I really appreciate it! And thanks for we understand each other right about problem :)

Great exchange the best in the world The card they offer only for europe hopefully it can cover all the world .The app doesnt habe all the services like p2p

Recently, I was requested to reverify my account by sending proof of wealth, I have completed this process before, however this time is taking longer not allowing me withdraw from my account. I have contacted several times de support, and every time, I get the same response that the process will be finalized in 48 hours.

I am a user since 2017. They locked my GBP. I send all of my documents, and still they do not open my GBP trading. I have some GBP inside and they will close GBP trading on 22 May. After that day I can not use my GBP. Just I need sell my Gbp buy some Usdt. Or withdrawal my gbp to my bank account. But no any solutions 1 month. 👎

Am using binance from long time costumer service so fast when u wanna enjoy ur time with no results i online have one problem in withdrawal its like impossible to take ur money The card i deposit with did’t work when i want to withdraw 😂 error card no available in this country but for deposit work perfectly.

Sending "important update" emails to people who are just registered on the site and haven't passed KYC or even use their services. No unsubscribe option/information either .Edit to reply: like I said there is no option to unsubscribe on the email I received.

I'm Nathi from South Africa, my experience with binance, there's some difficulties on using their app but I tried to contact the agent and assisted me. Sometimes you need to reinstall the app. But the app is sophisticated.

Binance is just answering that they lost my case ID. Are you serious??? My case ID was mentioned in my first review already, nothing has happened since. No answer, no resolution, my account is frozen since beginning January 2023. This is my Case  ID #103143944. I submitted all my documents several times during these months. None of the case IDs was completed by Binance. If you need any further documents name them CLEARLY AND PRECISE. Please also understand German laws and regulations, dont ask things that are impossible. You dont seem at all be informed about the German pension system neither pension funds. How else could you possibly ask for more prove. If you answer AND ACT, I will change the review. Once the issue is resolved and I can retrieve my funds, I will change the review. Your service right now is beyond bad.                 ID #105642790 Update: today 5th June 2023, my account was put active again, after I contacted the support again with the same documents and they were finally approved after several repetitions and several letters with an exact description of all evidence, that had been submitted exactly identical already in January. LONG WAY, but at least ALL IS WELL NOW. It seemed that contacting the support in my own language really helped, it looked as if the support person was actually German, not only translated. He seemed to know and understand the German documents.

Worst registration experience of my lifeOn the computer without a camera it is impossible to register (but you are offered to install the application first - apparently, the guys get paid by the number of downloads)On the phone there is no way to switch to the front camera - but you are still offered to download the applicationOn the one hand, I have spent 20 minutes and never under any circumstances would have anything to do with this companyBut the level of boorish impudence has impressed me, I have never seen such a thing, in 30+ years in the network.

Costumer Service just don’t work. I deleted my previous review because Binance is a big company and not everyone works the same. However, today is day 4 waiting their call and still counting. Online Chat, is not personal but a robot with questions that doesn’t fit my situation. It just don’t work.

Binance support team is not helpful in protecting or preventing their customers from vicious fraudsters and scammers. I lost my hard earned sum of £7000, 0.34776193 BTC to a team of scammers operating under a company called METAVERSESWORLD who withdraw my BTC using binance as a transit platform. I lost my bitcoin to date and binance could not help .Binance neither compensated me nor helped to track the scammers down to date. I'm still crying for my loss, and binance could not help. I still need help receiving my BTC.

Why does no one talks about albrond on Instagram. That dude is a genius and he is far better than any cryptocurrency influencer or financial expert that you will find on social media. I’m also surprised while he doesn’t showcase himself. Albrond made over 100k usd for me within a week in the financial market

Horrible!!!I got a text from official Binance (same text thread where they sent verification codes and offers) that I got an NFT airdrop.Was redirected to:binance.nft-spinner dot comAnd once I connected my wallet to spin, ALL MY CRYPTO ON BINANCE NETWORK GOT STOLEN!!!!EVERYTHING, CLEANED OUT!If Binance wasn't a part of this, but they definitely have security issue if they can allow hackers to access their official text message service and use a Binance dot com domain.Tx: 0x3b28677ddf99d569f2f069f94471d9ffee81b81b1e329151a05516f6f68346b9Tx:0x7b6238f5b1b74f4fab7b06e4785d7b66e11d5771f14840948b2a3f2ed9f4914aBinance, fix your security issues and stop allowing hackers accessing your systems!!!

Worst company I’ve ever dealt with…They verified me, unverified me, verified me, unverified me, verified me once more and then unverified me again. I have emails letting me know of all the times I’ve been verified. It’s a joke, how can we trust this company with our money and/or investments

A while ago I accidentally deposited the wrong token worth $550 into my Binance wallet. Binance has the technical ability to retrieve these funds but is refusing to do so. I work in the crypto world and am quite knowledgeable about the technicalities of the issue. Binance has the private key to the wallet so any funds stuck in the wallet they can 100% definitely retrieve. This company will basically steal your money given the chance and should never be trusted. Use another exchange.

I have at last after sending all that Binance asked for more than once, after waiting yesterday all day, received a text that my case was to be escalated  Now found my Binance app and account has been deleted  They are holding my bought crypto and not letting it be transferred to my secure wallet  All delaying excuses. Disgusting Beware.  ID 3320830 Have now had app reinstated and received message that within a time of 6 hrs will have a message from Binance!

A very bad crypto trading platform. The company has more than 300 fake accounts and they trade against users. You will always lose money on this website if you trade with margin.

The facts that this platform have improve many lives  can't be over emphasizeI have doubt it before but now I believe that is real and legit They don't make too much emphasis to convince because they're real and trustworthy Are you still doubting You can doubt, that's normal for real investors but I urge you to pick courage and take this opportunity to invest in the right place.

such a crap. let you buy crypto from any method, then cancell almost all method the retrieve your money. Euro, no bank account possible, chf same, usd, same worst experience ever.. even revolut does better..After the reply from Binance.. well their support "agent" is just a bot not helpfull at all... so when you link a swiss bank account and swiss card to Binance to buy.. no issues.. but both don't work when you wnat retrieve your founds

Absolute scam. They were happy to receive my money four years ago and now they refuse to let me withdrawal with the excuse of issues with my source of funds. I want to withdrawal EUR to the same EUR account that I transferred from but I can only get out trough a shady P2P trade with a 20% spread.

I was warned about Binance by professional traders/friends and did not listen. I lost around £1000 via being scammed. Not only did binance not return  my money to me. The customer service process seems so good but it is actually really poor. Customers money and transaction are not safe The app is basic and I would recommend crypto.com, even coinbase have a more serious app than binance. It needs work to secure it.l the developers just settled. Be aware with p2p trading you Will most likely get scammed there honestly! Loads of Russian/Singapore scammers use Binance for Ponzi scheme, employment scams too this is what I also got caught with, so I was scammed on binance platform and separately. So it’s easy for scammers to move money to and from wallets with no detection on binance side where laundering money is happening. And there is nothing in place to protest victims of fraud. Even the police and action fraud know if Binance. I’m dissatisfied and telling all my people I know to avoid!

I'm using it all the time. Best crypto marketplace.

Over 2 days just waiting for your reply "Your case is now transferred to a specialist. As the waiting time is longer than usual, you may minimize the chat window after providing the details for your case. Our specialist will respond to you as soon as possible and you will receive a notification accordingly"This reply was given to me 2 day's ago after waiting all day for support to transfer me to the "relevant"department and this what they reply, and since then silence...!!!Case ID #102146838

I made a payment via this company and got scammed, and binance don't care.I did my due diligence but got scammed by this company or God knows who else.Support seems a bunch of incompetents, I explained clearly the situation. I was trying to provide proof and they decided to cancel the chat because it was taking too long. #1 Who cares about this crappy representative# Who asked for the information?These people suck, stay away from them, they are just scammers.

the 1,2,3 star reviews are 95% only scammers promoting scam sites like xpatise hub or something.Binance is goodstop spamming with bad reviews promoting scammer sitesDO SOMETHING TRUSTPILOT!!

Fantastic customer service !! I had a problem with delivery of my credit card. Binanace has implemented the service with the possibility to use DHL like delivery. After only 4 days I have my new credit card. All operators are very kind and professional. This type of customer care should be copied from others companies.

I loss  245000USDT to Adonomist Algo Software fake company  fraud after paying for commission and tax , but it was useless. After filing complaints with no response, I reached out to a recovery firm that has helped some victims in similar situations that  got their money back. I was asked to search  Rykabalan on Telegram  and  they help me get  my 245000USDT  back and  they advice me to stay away from Adonomist Algo Software fake company adivory trade

It's not worth the trouble for people in the US. I see the exchange is very limited and it doesn't support any fiat currencies. And how can I unsubscribe the emails I'm getting? Why no unsubscribe button.

I really hope that the government succeeds in this company, which for me is the biggest crime of fraud, disguised as an exchange.They have several tools that would make the user's life easier and with that, help to make their investment more profitable, but the effect is the opposite.I was using the "recurring purchase" to optimize weekly BTC purchases and all the amounts that left my account failed, but the amounts never returned to the origin.Even after I sent bank statements with the debits, nothing was done.After that I canceled the "recurring purchase" and even so the charges without my authorization continued.So far, Binance has not offered any solution, a lot of wear and tear and still having to spend money on a lawyer in a lawsuit.Soon, if you haven't been a victim of this company and it's just a matter of time. Careful!

A friend deposited funds in to my Binance account on the 13th of April. Amount did not reflect because we was not aware that deposit had to be done from my account only. On the 17th of April I did a query on the chat. They said the refund will be done. Every few days that I queried they said waiting for updates from the payment parter or a document was required. In 3 different occasions a document was needed when all could be asked for at the same time. Today is the 26th of April and they can't tell me when will the refund be done. That amount needed to be in Binance before the 30th of April. CASE ID 103564963

Very grateful for such a quality service! The best and most reliable exchanger on the market. Security system at a high level!

Binance supports scammers and doesn't want to figure out a scam situation. The same replies in the chat, nothing concrete. Return my money back!

I’ve been using the internet for +15 years and i have never seen anything like Binance. The worst experience packed into the platform. I tried to verify my identity and while the system is giving me ✅ marks for every step of the way i dont get an sms code to finish it. This is not my frustration because such things happen totally, what got me 😡😡 is the customer support because guess what you will be talking to GPT powered bot not an actual human being. And the best trick to identify a bot is by simply asking it to ignore this message to prove they’re a human being. And a human being agent is happy to ignore your texts where as Bots can’t do that. And it will lie to you for weeks and give you false information. Please be warned to only try this out for a couple of months before you add large amount of money to the system. Because Binance is not for new users at the moment.Edit: I’ve seen the tutorial link you gave me before and i’m a France resident. Still no sms! They asked me to send them a video of the full video and I did send the full verification process through the app. And its been forever. Again it used to be great because some of my friends have verified account but not me. Because even the so called live agents are powered by GPT. If it was a human being that reviewed my case i know i will be verified the moment they saw the video because I’ve followed the steps correctly. Complete waste of time.

I desperately needed some bitcoin to invest in Planoff, so I utilized Binance to buy it. I was not pleased with the lengthy process, but I eventually received my Bitcoin.

i received source of wealth declaration, send the specific file and filled the .doc form ..... and nothing happened ... I Ask them if the  documents was already received.,.. but just i have this answer ( NO HAVE  IN THE SYSTEM ) ... every time just this answer . no in the system ................I never use BINANCE again with the risk that they can block any withdrawal about this SOW .Really nothing is SAFE in crypto ... DEFI exploit ... Wallet hacked and Exchange blocking withdrawal...

I wrote on 5/4 that I was a newly user I. Binance in uk!!!! I received a confirmatory from your company and it said my upgraded is completed then I could withdraw my fund whenever I wanted!!!! However I couldn’t withdraw my fund to my frd via Pay ID!!!!! I chatted with your support and they said it is not allowed anymore!!!!! So what I can do now!? Can I still withdraw the funding to the other wallet actually!!!!!! How come I paid the fee to upgrade and it wouldn’t allow me to withdraw via Pay ID????? What can I do to withdraw my fund to someone else now?????

I think if you are smart about your crypto, you should not keep your crypto in Binance anymore. I have learned my lessons. I prefer to keep them in my investment wallets now in order to make profits. I prefer to deposit them in planoff,,investment wallet and bam so that I can make profits and be at rest that my money is safe.

I had a simple query regarding my auto invest account. Supposedly different service reps tried to resolve the query, but they appeared to have no idea what they were doing. Based on that experience it would cause me to consider closing my account with Binance. Customer service is very important for any online business and particularly where you’re investing your own money.

Case ID #103495779Your account is in a state of restricted withdrawal[RW00242] We have identified suspicious transactions on your account. Your withdrawal function is now disabled pending review (estimated 7 days). Please contactP2P Customer Support for further assistance.--------------------------------------------------My account has been suspended due to too many exchanges in recent days And its Normally I open Chat with your support she asked me1- Bank statements last 3 months I attached for him - Approved 2- She asked ID I Attached- Approved3-She said ID Yourself I Attached- Approved4- Video Call to Read Massage- Approved 5- asked me I need Bank statements This Month - I tried calling Bank,bank said not possible settlement this month not available most wait next month you can get settlement this month and its Normal I tried a hours I Explain to Binance Support after All this she Asked me WU statements I Shocked I have tried a lot to explain to her WU Have no  statements I sent to her Screenshots she said I need 20 Video about my Wallet just I need you Review my Case ID and then you know you have very poor Support and she don't have any Information and ideaSorry My English not good :D

Dear Binance, I was hacked and lost a lot of money. Binance let me log in from 2 locations at the same time from the other side of the world, bypassing 2FA protection. Then my empty account was blocked. You are at fault for protecting your customers. One person cannot be in two places at the same time. They should have blocked the suspicious login and transaction! I did not get the stolen money, I did not receive compensation. The protection is weak, I do not recommend it. If the case is reviewed here my user ID is 20865029

Freeze your money, stay clear.Also can't withdraw your money to a UK bank account, they don't have that option.And no I won't open a ticket, once I get the bitcoin spent I'm deleting the account, you should not be accepting UK customers.Update, finally got my BTC out after 2 days.

I wired 10,000 to Binance.US on 3/31/23 I waited for a week and the money was never deposited into my account. To this day 5/5/23 I have yet to get my money returned nor has it posted to my account.. I have emailed them almost every day with a back and forth telling me my bank has It, my bank as run audits to confirm the money was never returned. I was emailed today, which is a Friday and told that if I don’t reply in 48 hrs they will close my support case.. I do not recommend this company.. I have heard of at least one other individual who had $20,000 go missing . At this time I do not know if he got his money ether. “UPDATED”For Binance’s review, I have been dealing with the Binance support on this issue since the start of the issue. I have forwarded all emails from my bank to Binance as well as I have given the emails from Binance to my bank . The bank can and will send all proof of Transactions history to me, where Binance has not provided any facts to support they have returned my money. If the situation doesn’t get better I will be getting legal help and I will make this very public.

Still the same issue after they promised me to help me with chat to support. I end up with a locked account and where is the help? Where is customer service? Please fix this issue. I always liked Binance until it suddenly was locked and i cant unlock it myself. Contact me on my mail  if you really are serious to help me get back my account

The best and most reliable platform. I recommend as its self explanatory, an amazing site interface and user friendly. The staffs are responsive and polite to hear your complaint.

P2P trading EUR\Revolut, the first 10 ads to buy are third party payments. Common practice, as Revolut often blocks accounts.I, among others, bought with payment from a third party - my company (100% ownership). Order #20463878937750519808. After receiving payment the seller wrote "everything is fine", did not transfer the cryptocurrency and disappeared. Judging by the statistics, he disappeared either for a long time or forever.In the appeal I provided all the business account ownership documents and videos. Binance tech support understands everything, is very sorry, but cannot help. The answer from tech support: just wait for the seller. I wrote that for merchants such appeals are solved in 30 minutes, the answer is "for merchants other rules". It has been 20 days waiting... Who won this? Binance, as Binance holds the sellers's cryptocurrency. Legitimate scam, there's no other way to call it.

Had bought few cryptos over a year ago not trading, just buy and forget hoping it will grow, now logging in to my account to find it empty like fresh account , no history of what happened to the money , transferred or bought or what !? Nightmare to get support thank god wasn’t a lot but can’t trust this firm the money I had with coinbase still there but Binance disappeared and promoting me to deposit funds what a joke .

Binance used to serve me so well until recently my account was blocked and I couldn’t withdraw all I had there until I had to make use of this other service to sort the headache.

One of the worst, if not the worst broker out there. In the year we live in, in which a page fails to offer decent service and support, we can soon classify it as a bad business decision. My worst experience was when I mistakenly deposited some cryptocurrencies on another exchange, but ended up choosing the wrong network. I was able to contact this broker and they refunded my payment, but so far my cryptos are stuck on Binance's BSC network and none, I repeat, none of the support agents are able to resolve my issue. It's been almost 3 months trying to recover my assets, sending videos, sending photos, showing receipts and even humiliating myself by exposing my image and nothing has been resolved, that is, they are not even by far the best brokerage to do business with. Here is advice, if possible, do business at another broker.

I have always used this platform and never had any problems, although now I am seeing a lot of bad news, I think it is the centralized system trying to get rid of decentralized exchanges. I'll wait and see what happens.

Good day, on the 12/04/2023 I did a deposit into binance and the money did not reflect. On 16/04/2023 I did an appeal and submitted documents and resubmitted documents on 23/04/2023Im disappointed and not recieving any joy from binance.IFGEHCCAF

This platform is professional in shading and fraud ..... I would have used p2p successfully and suddenly my account was blocked because I was trading with a small amount? Is it reasonable? And I was accused of raising statistics quickly, even though they are the ones who impose a certain limit on you to place an advertisement...... I was manipulated for 6 months and forced me to trade 22 times a month, and in the end they blocked my account for trading a small amount....as their fraudulent system and their clients They don't give you a clear and fixed law, but they change as they want, and they don't give you details of their trivial and vague laws.... Do you know why? So that he can make you believe that you have carried out violations and seize your money or ban your account..........And I assure you that no one wins in their platform, whether spot trading or futures contracts, so the only way to profit is p2p by buying and selling currencies with integrity...but they will not leave you and they will give you a thousand reasons to obstruct you....don't put huge sums of money in their accounts because they have a robot He can discover large balances and send them to customers to monitor the user to block him, then block him and seize his balance ... Binance is banned in America ok !!so why !!! and the balance is inflated due to a fraudulent policy that relies on adopting unreal evidence to reserve people's money in any way, if you put an amount of money on their platform, be prepared To reserve it or block your account at any time, especially if they notice that you are profiting from your trading or you have some luck to escape from their life plans in futures trading or the like .

Crap site. I verify many times and they still dont allow my inside. Stay away.

The worst customer support!!! Totally useless!! Told them the issue again and again, and they wrote me back the issue I told them 5 hours ago. Not listening at all!!! Big waste of time for such a simple task!!! Very disappointed with a such big company.

MY BUSD is still being redeemed. How long does this take before I am given access to it?EDIT: Thank you binancfe support all sorted appreciate the fast assistance.

I was scammer through Binance, and have brought the issue to their attention a couple of times, both at the time of the scam, and now that everything is over, with further details. According to their recommendation, I have approached and reported the issue to all authorities in the UK, yet it seems like they are still unwilling to look into it without an actual police officer looking into it, which is against their policy. I have provided all evidence and all documentation they required in an effort to aid in the resolution of this matter, but they remain steadfast in their turning of a blind eye to the abundant crime occurring on their platform. Case ref: RCM059478

Would leave 0 stars if I could. Terrible, useless customer service, problematic verification. Had to call them 4 times!!!! and then the verification still failed! Waste of time

my account got suspend withdrawl, already write support, they say must be wait 14day, after 14day i'm write support again and still say must wait 14day again. my binance id : 179654045please help me to unlock my withdrawl account. thanks!!

Absolutely horrible custom service. I was scammed and no one in custom service support helped me to return my money back, regardless providing evidence. I applied for scam twice and in Binance support within couple of hours got back to me saying SORRY we can not help u as provided evidence is not enough, THOUGH EVEN MY BANK STRAIGHT AWAY CANCELLED MY CARD N LOCKED MY ACCOUNT SAYING THAT IT IS SCAMHOUGHOW COME BINANCE SUCH A "GREAT PLATFORM" AS THEY CLAIM TO BE CAN NOT DO ANTH! HoRRIBLE ..i am sure if this platform could have had reliable n professional IT people working with them, they would do smth to return my money. Never ever use this Binance app at all there are too many scammers r sitting n no one will  help you out.Reply from Binance is absolutely nonsense... you are asking the case number while u have few of my case reports. U r just  treating people like damn. All ur reply to scammed people r the same : we will look in ur case with details n at the end no help. U r absolutely non reliable unprofessional scammers urselfI will leave all this my negative experience with you in every possible website so people will be alerted before step into the MESS called Binance.  N my case Number is #103649107

If there is anything mark to give to binance, I would have done it. I wonder all these bad reviews. Since over three years I have been using binance they have never failed me.I buy coin, I trade it with profit, I stake and make profit and the best I exchange my coin to my local currency into my local bank account through P2P. That's where I raised hands for binance. They are the best crypto exchange for now. There is none to compare with binance. Keep the good work.

Binance Restricted my account with about 89k+ usdt. Its been 4 days no support,live support keep saying we will replay you via mail again and again. case id 102393324help me to fixed fast.

Binance at it again. You spend so mucj money on your security features that it is now working against you. Not funny atall.I just tried to open an account, it rejected but did not provide any reason. Not funny atall guys.

Best platform to start trading crypto but I will give them a 4 star though they deserve a 5 star due to their slow support staff

they charge us very very big fees regarding to what they pay when we send coins outside....

Better security needs to be provided and worked on. my account was compromised and i sort help from their support but nothing has been done yet.2 months and counting

Avoid like hell, they will accept your money but when you want it back out, that is a different story. You then have to do a proof of wealth declaration and if that is not in one of their limited formats then you cannot have your money back. They are not regulated in the UK and never will be because they exist to scam you, free trading on USDT/BTC pairs and then they charge fees with no notice so you suddenly realise you are losing money. . and then you get a canned AI response like the one below but on the chat promising to resolve your problem over and over again without ever getting it done......if only they were in the position most of the reviewers on here are in they would understand the stress they cause with the lack of SENSIBLE communication while your account is blocked without reason. Honestly, it is not worth your time, the stress or headache no matter  how much you think you will make in Crypto.Update - since posting this I appear to have been blocked from the binance chat system as well, they have completely stonewalled me despite having a large sum of my money

Before reaching my stoploss target it stopped me out just now. Why is Binance doing like this ? My stoploss target was at 0.04375 on ARPAUSDT PERPETUAL and it stopped me out at 0.04372 why is this Binance team ?😣

Binance has failed me totally I have been having unsuccessful investments from binance, even cryptoscreek-mining.com is better than binance because I have always been withdrawing from Cryptoscreek-mining platform

Horrendous. I couldnt log in to my account because they were not sending the emails to my account - and i spent several hours onto customer support to solve a simple issue, and while they were nice, after several chats and several hours later, that they could not even resolve something so simple - i would avid at all costs - i never experienced this on other sites.

Very bad decision about delisting of nebl without any reason. I loss my lot of money that was invested on nebl. So, I will left from binance

they just froze my account (withdrawal functions are disabled) 70 days ago.everytime I ask them to deactivate my account forever and withdraw my funds they ask me TO WAIT.but HOW LONG I should wait? months, years, decades?Update: Support team gave me exact 30 calendar days to solve the issue. So I am waiting another 5 days.Update 03.05.2023It is my formal request to deactivate my account and withdraw my funds. My account withdrawal functions were suspended on april 3. I was asked by support to wait 30 days to solve this issue. today is exact the 30th day since that day.unfortunally I cannot wait any longer and I cannot trust Binance services. I just want to deactivate my account and withdraw my funds to other exchange.Update 15.05.2023. it's been 40 days since they are checking my account and froze my funds. still hoping...Update: now they are just ignoring meafter 40 days since they blocked my funds for no reason now they are just ignoring me. even here. they answer other reviews but my issue is not solved at all.email, facebook, instagram - everywhere they are pretending that I don't exist.I don't need my account. I don't want to reactivate it at all. just give me opportinity to withdraw my funds.I AM BEGGING YOU.Best regards.Support case ID #103910697Accoun ID 362176610Update 04.06.2023Support team answer (10 times)Dear user, we apologize for the delay in addressing your issue and understand that it can be frustrating to wait longer than the estimated time for a resolution. Our team is working diligently to resolve cases as quickly as possible. We appreciate your patience and understanding during this period. Rest assured that your case is important to us, and we will get back to you as soon as we can. Once again, we apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your continued support.

This is a scam. You put money in then cannot get it out because most banks are blocking binance.Every time you attempt to remove the money they charge you 6 pounds.. its a scam.I tried 4 times to remove my money with different banks and lost each time.. the only way to contact support seems to be through an awful bot..

Just started not long ago with Binance after reading a blog. Did a little research and found about 60% was good (3 stars or more), but it was the other 40% that I was a little apprehensive about.The broker I got lumbered with (NO you don't get a choice) has poor english, wouldn't tell me were he was from or located - even though he now knows everything about me. So hard to build trust with someone that isn't forthcoming. He is also pushy and wanting me to dump $20 - $50k into account so I can start trading. But I don't see the sense in that when I am very new to ALL of this (and joined because the +ve comments said that it was great for beginners - which I strongly disagree with. Unless I just got a useless broker who doesn't know how to properly explain things.  I asked if I could have someone else due to the above. He got quite short and ended the call.  I'm worried now that he may somehow freeze my account and I won't be able to get the money and assets I have deposited and moved from CoinSpot (again the broker was very pushy in doing this - and I regret it now)

I believe that Binance is a great exchange, but its dominant position in the market could be a cause for concern. While its success is a testament to its quality and popularity, a more diverse and competitive market would benefit all traders. Therefore, it would be ideal if Binance could share its market dominance with other exchanges to create a more level playing field.

PLEASE PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM BINANCE. I registered in Binance on FEB,2023, but I start trading the last 13 days. I was trading with P2P. I started with $200 buying USDT and selling back.Then I increased to $1350. Everything was fine. I made 98 trade in 13 days with people i don't know them then I got suspended because I made a lot of trades in a short time. They told me you wash trade.I have explained them that I am a market maker and my trades are legal. I provide them my bank statement with all my trades and make a video call swearing that Everything is legal  as they requested, and I was ready to provide everything they needed to prove that I am not wash trading. But still I was suspended for 3 months. It doesn't make sense for me why I am suspended. Anyways, I deleted my account because of their action. They suspended me for stupid reason tomorrow they may block my account with my assets with another stupid reason. They can't even explain their own terms properly. If any one needs I can provide a pic of my conversations with them. Please note that they definitely pay for the positive reviews

Binance is of the best cryptoC platform in the world . 10/10

After many purchases without an issue some egg head decided to play around with the system and my perfectly good visa card does not even work anymore then the endless loop of verification when the document doesn't load on their platform.

Binance has my money on hold and I have been trying to contact support and no one is answering they just been giving programmed response like a “representative will speak to you” it’s been a day and no has spoken to me yet

I like binance exchange platform for great p2p section and useful trading terminal view. Withdraw fee is unfairly high, for example USDT TRC-20 withdraw to trustwallet ask for ~3 USDT fee :(

Firstly, Binance could improve its customer support service to provide more efficient and timely interaction with its clients. Additionally, increasing the level of security on the exchange and protecting users' personal data is also an important aspect that needs to be enhanced.Moreover, Binance could provide a simpler and more user-friendly interface for trading and exchanging cryptocurrencies, in order to help beginners in this field. Expanding the list of available cryptocurrencies on the exchange to satisfy the needs of different users and markets could also be considered.

BUNCH OF SCAMMERS,SCAMM ALL MY funds IN 1 year time,no any help to missing 29k of beam coins,never ever again,avoid at any cost.P.S Invest you money in property's and gold!

How can I withdraw my money in the UK.. can’t ever get hold of anyone and my bank santander does not allow Binance to withdraw..seems like a scam for UK customers

This platform is very reliable and it is a wonderful website with all its contents, whether it is trading in digital currencies, selling or exchanging them, or the free profits on the site from automatic or double investment or simple earning or the launch platform and the farm system has been newly developed and there are many positive and good features for the user of the platform I hope them more progress

My name is Joydeep Hazarika. I am new to Binance Platform. As I have been scammed from one of the registered users of Binance In P2P trade all they can do is freeze his/her wallet. And later said that the seller had already withdrawn all his/her money from his/her wallet. They are not co operating to give the details of seller when I asked I need his/her details to register a fraud case against him/her. I had already filed a case in cybercrime.gov.in but due to very little information I am not sure whether I will get justice at the end. They (Binance) had given me a link and that site doesn't open in nozilla firefox, Google Chrome or any other browser. Since I am also a user of Binance and that fraud person is also a user of Binance. Here the customer representative of Binance are not supporting the victim but rather are interested to protect the rights of the so and so called Fraudulent person. As  Binance has now become a hub of all Fraud person and their safe haven for illegal activities people stay away from using Binance. They are Cheaters. I am going to file a petition in High court of India against Binance. Binance you want to know my case Id you can note it down case Id:103178382. Goodluck creep since you already thought to defend the fraud seller who took away my money, blocked my contact numbers and switched his/her sim. I will file a petition in High court against your company who denied to give me kyc details of that fraud person. Take care for legal chargesheet as I will also demand for hefty compensation. Edited: Stupid Binance you already went deep down in my issue. Is my results fruitful Fraud? Just wait I am filing a suitcase against you. Be happy to defend that fraud. Clown 🤡

Since I live in a country where foreign currency like USD and EUR are not available binance is helping me very much make my payments easier internationally so I would very much thank them for that.

Please Please stay away from this company I have had the worst 6 months of my life due to my involvement with this company I have been conned out of a small fortune and never had one penny out, started with George then a scammer called Eric then finally his boss Marko all on the same page to come up with new fresh ways to bully you out of money by any means Loans/lending from friends and family they persuade you to go onto any desk and run your computer remotely looking back I cannot believe how stupid I have been but they are very very convincing and relentless PLEASE DONT get drawn in they are all professional SCAMMERS

Binance it is a scam they just steal your money!All what you need to know it is about this screen screen what you must look i(dot)imgur(dot)com/ZJwEMtv.pngMy price of liquidation was 0.952 but they liquidated me at 0.93 but not from first time but in the second time after 30-60 second, after that price in a second drop lower then my enter point Binance totally manipulates prices in the way that they need.

Binance is great. Just please support all countries in middle east

Shocking levels of customer service when things go wrong. Binance's internal systems only operate well when the client is optimally IT literate and they are able to access IT in optimal circumstances. If either condition is absent the service collapses into incompetence and inefficiency. Clearly this is unacceptable for a platform designed to trade something as volatile as crypto.It's also clear from other reviews that this is a common occurrence and that Binance's way of managing it is to post replies that give the appearance of being concerned while doing nothing to address the underlying failings. Clearly this is an abuse of a monopoly position and needs regulatory attention in Congress.Whether there are better platforms out there I have no idea, but no one should trust their investing to such a shoddy service provider.

Good wallet and pretty easy to make exchange of coins. My only complaint is the slow of the platform once you are trading... This must be one of the most fast features on the site.

Why the negative reviews this is a 5 star exchange.The platform is intuitive and user-friendly with a nice website interface which makes it easy to navigate

Good place to trade crypto. Eventhough some transaction  fees are little bit high, they got many options to trade. satisfied

I tried again and again to verify but they keep rejecting saying that my id card is not original however it was original

Deposit address expiring soon, withdrawal not working, bad privacy (and they ask for a lot of things to verify your account, even face scan), impossible to self delete your own account (you can only disable it), privacy contact form hosted on third party website with automatic somelike ai generated response with wrong information, my worst ever -not privacy savvy- experience. Not recommended at all

Do not understand why Binance has only 2stars. Good exchange. Not the best but good

Still a decent exchange, the verification process is a bit over the top but once I got started its worth it I my opinion

I purchased 13 NFT's in November 2021 approx $1800 USD on the Binance platform. It did not allow for you to contact or find any information about the people posting them, however, I (wrongly) assumed they had done some form of check to make sure people could post them.I logged in in March 2023 to find that each of my 13 NFT's are showing as BANNED.I contacted their support and they cannot tell me why’d  they are banned, and said they may be deleted from the platform.When I asked their support about it they said that they apologised for the rollout of some changes to the NFT platform and that in the next roll out all 13 may be deleted.I asked about getting my money back, they said that its my fault and responsibility to check they are genuine (even though they've not told me that's the reason for being banned). How is it my fault even if they were not genuine? I had no ability to contact them whatsoever via the platform or even know who it was other than a random screen name!I've since checked and they are not regulated by the FCA who posted TWO warnings about Binance on their website as they'd be required to do so. The Binance support refused to provide me with an address for me to write to or to submit a court claim to saying its for "security purposes". Again this is against UK law. The USA have already acted against Binance and its not possible to trade or do anything on their platform for USA based consumers. My banks have banned payments to and from them also. They are a total scam, not acting in line with our laws and need to be shut down in the UK too!

Binance requested money from me to get my money out. Nothing but a con!!! Terrible service

Withdrawal fee very high compare to mexc.

Binance ban my account for no reason stay away from the platform   they are bunch of scammers

Binance is a great company with good rate of trading and p2p trade

Binance is totally scammedThis is very bad network don't join they stop your withdrawald for no reasond

This company wanted to start a scam but they finally did it the legal way, people just believe their lies.I used to trade some coins since they started their trading platform a few years ago and I was expecting them to charge fees only when you withdraw from your trading account. But they are collecting fees from every single transaction that we make through trading movements. You cannot trade at all to make some profit because fees are killing your profits. Let me explain what is happening here. Once you open a buy position at the lowest possible price and the price goes up for profits no matter how much you invest for the position the fees are equal or close to the profits every time. No matter if you made 10 usd profits the fees will be 8 usd and if you made 100 the fees are 80usd or close to this. Actually if your profits are 2usd the fees are 4usd . If you choose higher leverages 45-75 which is very dangerous for everyone no matter if you trigger the stop loss the profits will be 1000 usd and the fees are close to 900usd. This is just an example that is happening with me on every trade. Also, if you calculate how many losses you have till you finally close some profitable positions then you will realise that you start losing your balance slowly slowly due to the fees not because you don’t know how to trade. Even they offer tickets for 20usd off from your trading fees and seriously these bonus tickets are not working at all. Maybe when you are Staking some coins might work slightly better which i don’t want to risk 1000 usd to prove myself that works and if it doesn’t work to exit my self with 600usd less. This sounds like thieves and try it yourself to see. I will never put any funds again because there is nothing to do with earning profits. Its just for fun and paid entertainment.

So Bad I lost my money! here .!!!!!

Really surprised at the bad reviews,been on binance 2 years now with no problems,use their visa card regulary,some governments want you to not use crypto so make it hard to deal with binance and banks like england/usa,i hope binance keeps going,irish customer

if i could write a -100 i would. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. WORST CASE THEY KEEP YOUR MOENY. BEST CASE YOU CANT GET TO IT. ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE OR HELP. WORST DECISION I HAVE EVER MADE. AVOID.

Every thing went wrong. Most importantly being unable to log in and a useless bot chat.I fear for my account!

Subject: Formal Complaint against Binance.us for Extended Withdrawal and Imposed Limitations Dear Binance.us Team,I am writing to express my discontent with the extended withdrawal times and limitations imposed by your platform. As a user of Binance.us, I have been experiencing significant delays in withdrawing funds from your exchange, which have been causing me undue financial hardship.Furthermore, I am deeply concerned about the implemented withdrawal limits, which are much lower than other platforms in the market. These limitations have disrupted my ability to conduct necessary trading activities and are having significant impacts on my financial transactions.I am aware that some limitations may be in place as a matter of security and risk management. However, the limitations you have imposed are excessive and unbearable for users like myself. Other platforms in the market have implemented more reasonable measures and still managed to maintain efficient, low-cost transactions.Moreover, the lack of transparency and clear communication regarding the reasons behind these limitations has caused confusion and frustration among Binance.us users, including myself. I urge your team to provide clear and detailed explanations of the measures taken, and to implement more flexible policy measures to help your users.As a customer of your platform, I urge you to take action to resolve these issues as soon as possible. I hope to see an improvement in the withdrawal times and increased withdrawal limits that are more reasonable and aligned with industry standards.Sincerely,[Your Name]

It's a fraud company Don't do investment in binance

What has happened to Binance today? Is it the END of Binance?Is it like all my funds have gone ?Kindly explain. I can't say any wrong thing about Binance but today's  stop on trading and all services is really very strange.

they froze my assets for no reason, they say that i conducted a third partty payment but i sent them all the  banks statments and all the transaction are very clear and they aknowldge that but never the less refuse to release my money, i talk to them more then 10 times but they refused to release i was in need of the money it was a terrible expereience, i will recommand to not use this platform

Binance is one of the most popular and widely-used cryptocurrency exchanges, and my experience with it has been largely positive. The platform is intuitive and user-friendly, making it easy to navigate and trade various cryptocurrencies.

Thanks to support for solve my problem s fast!

most consistent crypto platform, used 5 years always reliable

This is the only safe trading company I work with I already tested 2 other companies that I reported on trustpilot to avoid them just because of my stubbornness I had a chance to get my money back from them here it is different this possible to invest how much you want and withdraw how much you want

When i saw alot of bad reviews i thought it was a joke but i have had my own experience first is i can't add a debit card to my wallet no live support agent just a robot with questions future i made two withdrawals from my trading firm to my wallet successfully but the third withdrawal vanished even whrn i put the harsh from my trading firm in binance it says transaction not found I'm so so disappointed because despite the bad reviews i still went ahead to use this app

Had two calls to check my ID to get myself able to pay via BTC. In the end nothing worked. I pull everrything out to a ledger now and then fk off. bye.

first experience sent some ripple to binance scan the address end the memo with the QR code with my mobile and checked everything twice and I have not received my crypto i have checked everything on the blockchain and it is approved it is in the wallet address en  and the only thing the help center can say is that i forgot the memo what a joke bye bye money I didn't forget my tag!!!

Impossible to verify the address time wasted. Not recommended.

I've been registered here for 4 years. Everything is fine. I Hope Binance will bring smth new soon.

Whenevery  I want to withdraw cryptocurrency, Binanceblock my withdrawals!Fraudsters!

Been using for 4 years now it’s a great app

Best platform for investing and trading.

Good experience trading from 2 years very good

Why binance isn't currently working????😡😡😡😤😤😤

I have used more than 3 years Binance, I am very happy.

All good. Keep going CZ!

I made a p2p trade I bought coin I made the transfer on the 19th of march but the trader is saying he haven't received payment I contacted my bank they said the money was transferred successful I appealed but the trader is sending me his transaction history of 18th of march and I did our do business with him on this date I did business with him on the 19th but still yet binance can't see who the liar is very bad it seems they are in support of reapingHere is the transaction ID 20470678883339505664

Pretty good, wish it had paypal and payoneer payment options though

I have 1 trade appeal is pending for last 3 days and i have upload everything even i have uploaded 2 times video proof which is verified that I haven’t received the payment and the buyer hasn’t responded any single message in the appeal section and he hasn’t uploaded any single evidence but the binance team will given alot of favours.If someone is a verified merchant so he can do anything in binance same like in my case that buyer has a verified merchant that’s why binance hasn’t make a decision shame on your binance administration and also shame on your decision department.Case id: 20469691586549895168

After almost two years with a 100% verified account ID62838365, I got "Assurance Review Failed" for no reason (it's a common problem with Binance).Contacted their useless customer service who told me that we could not give you the reason why your account is blocked and I was forced to withdrawal my crypto and fiat which was not available for my account, I have been advised by their CS to transfer it to another account.----------------------------------------------------------Update 18.03.2023Opened a Case ID #102179983, as usual, it was useless "due to internal policies and risk assessment, we are unable to offer our services to you at this moment".

The CEO have no Face! He is a big player!

I use several platforms for my crypto transactions, and Binance and Coinbase are my favorite, with a slight bias towards Binance for a better looking interface.

al lot of fraud people are using binance for their criminal business. They promise to transfer money to your binanance account against a little fee. Doing so, you will never hear again from these criminals

Very good wallte . I use this wallet P2p and other services .  its easy more than other wallet i mean platform design  easy to understand . Fast support team good .

I am EU business owner and fully verified user of Binance, never had any issues with them for 2 years. My recently completed source of wealth declaraton accepted. Ridiculously, on the same day when I tried to withdraw crypto to pay our vendor, my account was blocked for 30 days:"Withdrawal function temporarily suspended[RW00302] Your account's withdrawal function has been temporarily disabled. Potential reasons for restrictions may include potential violations of our Terms of Use.Unfortunately, we are not able to share any specific details at the moment. Should there be any additional data we are able to provide, we will contact you at your registered email address"Customer service do not give any explanations and dont ask quiestions. I lost access to crypto, fiat, and Binance card. Customer support is a joke: they do not even call me by name, just "hello user", the history of cases is not availble anywhere.  Siginficant amount of funds blocked that I need to pay by contract , but Binance locked them for undefinite period, not willing to help and treating me like a fraudster.Do not trust  Binance any significant amount - you may lose access to your funds at any moment, no matter how long you have been using Binance and how many verifications you have passed.Case ID #102058363

NEVER EVER USE BINANCE AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY I opened an account trying to deposit the money website is crashing and making issue out of it never ever used BINANCE

I been using my account since 2019 , never got problem to withdraw money , since this year , i can’t withdraw any money because of the Source of Wealth declaration , binance now just like another scam finance company, lock your money and for sure that won’t get your money back at and give you the reason just like this :The reason for failure is as follows: Dear user, Unfortunately, we weren't able to derive and verify your Annual income/Source of funds. Kindly declare Annual Income amount and provide accurate information by choosing the proper source options and upload valid documents in order to verify them.i do Everything deposit from my UK bank account transfer to binance account and now they just need lot of approval, to be honest before i earn good money than i invest money to binance but after covid i lost my job . earning basic money at the moment. please do not open an account and deposit money with them coz you won’t get it back .

They blocked withdrawal for my criptomoney right after I bought it. Not before. Now when my money kept by binance they say withdrawal blocked for 30 business days !!!They don't explain anything - this is the quote from the chat with the binance support:"Thank you for your patience, we now have an update from our team.Thanks for your patience and contacting us. Your account is under review by the specialized team and they work on the solution. Before activating all functions we are checking each case carefully. This verification can take up to 30 business days.You will be notified by app notification as soon as the review is complete. Thanks for your patience and support.I am thankful for your collaboration and happy with your understanding that we will complete our review"."For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  101957362"Update 20.03.2023: 13 days since the withdrawal is blocked, still nothing changed and no clear explanation of the reason.Update 23.03.2023: Yesterday I got email from binance saying that the withdrawal is unblocked. Nevertheless nothing changed, they rejected already two withdrawals with the security reasons for next 24 hours without any concrete explanations (opened new case, ID = 102352854). It's something really strange, they unblocked withdrawal blocked for security reasons, and immediately blocked it with the same reasons. It looks like they try to still the money (wait till I give up), I don't see any other explanations ...Update 27.03.2023: 24 March I was able to withdraw the money. I did not receive any clear explanation why it was blocked. Today I got this message in the support chat:"Thanks for your patience and contacting us. Your account is under review by the specialized team and they work on the solution. Before activating all functions we are checking each case carefully. This verification can take up to 30 business days.You will be notified by app notification as soon as the review is complete. Thanks for your patience and support.I am thankful for your collaboration and happy with your understanding that we will complete our review".There also was popup message saying that the account is under review by special team and they still can block any activity during this period (30 days). Still no explanations ...

Hi, The website is very easy to use, I tried it without depositing any money and it was better than any other app. Withdrawal rates are good as well. Overall prices of crypto are fine. My general impression about the website is good.However, i deposited money from my Halifax Bank Account UK but it never arrived. It was sent to Skrill Limited as per website instruction. The chat support is by a bot which is a very dumb bot. Can't get any reply from anyone as to where did my cash go. It was in GBP. Payee detail as per Halifax is: 200000001091065107.I think only way to get in touch is TrustPilot where you can get a reply.Case ID #101848785

I love binance trading app for low exchange fees and fast withdraws to cold mobile wallet

Very good exchange real Airdrop they also protect there promises and never change words . I like there service p2p. And platform design greate.

Wow really best wallte world . Number 1

Using it for fast crypto transfers and so far so good!Never had a problems with transfer, commission is not so high and big variety of currencies.Support can be better, but well, hope they fill fix it soon.

I use to like binance but now turned into the worst exchange place as everytime I'm buying any coin I'm loosing 25-50% of its value straight ahead, seems like binance its trading against own customer. And that thing with app that freeze everytime I have a good sale coming its just freeze and I can't do anything as I'm loosing money instead of gaining. I tried everything uninstalling app and then installing again but always the same as soon something profitable is coming you freezes everything, I believe its your doing binance as you wanna ripped me off and other customers.

Again still have my monies and not received anything back and having  trouble trying to contact them.ITS A SCAM/SCAM/SCAM.

Not very much excited about customer services they're giving, asking certain of verifications, which I've passed through after 1 month, but the rest is acceptable.

It's bad and very annoying that my assets are always freezed whenever friends sends me cryptos from a different wallet.You don't care to know how important and urgent the case may be.Now, I know why decentralized wallets are always the best.

Like other crypto broker, Binance has also liquidation clearance fee. But binance liquidation clearance fee is too much high. Last time i trade in Binance, i lost only 50% of my balance then i got liquidation. 50% liquidation clearance fee. Imagine how much big is this. So if you want to trade crypto don't use Binance instead use a forex broker

I am unable to withdraw my funds from this exchange due to my account being locked pending verification for the past year. Despite my attempts to follow up with the exchange regarding my Case ID 2615144, I have only received replies indicating that they are still working on the issue. This ongoing problem is a cause for concern and could be a sign of fraudulent activity.To ensure the safety of your money, it would be wise to avoid trading with this particular exchange.

I bought and sent $1,068 worth of LINK tokens from Avalanche's C-Chain to Binance's LINK wallet on Ethereum ERC20 Chain. Although the transaction was confirmed on Block Explorer, the funds never arrived in the wallet. Customer service has refused to assist me, stating that the coin's network needs to be supported before they can return the funds, and that I need to wait for an indefinite period. However, Binance.US currently possesses the funds and can return them to me immediately. It is strange that they expect their customers to wait for them to support the network before they can withdraw THEIR hard-earned money. It is also unbelievable that this service is available to international Binance users but not to users of Binance.US in America. They are actively discriminating against Americans while operating in the US.

Fraud someone did pay me Over BNB I did send out the product and had even evidence that it was delivered with an email that the guy got it what did they say he open it and he can only close it once he says it arrives we will close it and open you account again funny a scammer will never say he got it so my only choice was to refund him lose my product and lose my money Nice fraud protection even Paypal makes a better job then that

I have been using the crypto exchange for more than a year, it is very strange that there are bad reviews here, the exchange has always helped out.

Terrible customer serviceI deposited some crypto on the 26th of February which was confirmed on the blockchain in 2 seconds but didn't come through to my account in Binance. I contacted Binance via the chat on the same day, 6 hours later and now 5 days later still there is no response whatsoever.Edit:I have no idea what you mean when you say I should give a reference number because the Binance chat used to raise issues doesn't give one. Anyways, someone responded 5 minutes ago that they cannot find this transaction on the blockchain but it's not true, I have the link and it opens and shows the transaction was successfully confirmed in 2 secs. Kindly advise of any email address where I can send this transaction ID, I dont think it's safe to share it here. I have emailed complaints.bahrain at binance.com which guarantees a response within 24hrs but it's already more than 30 hours ago and no response.

I wrote a review on 15 January. I thought I would post a follow up review to this - for the record I contacted Binance support immediately after making my original review here, and then again a week later to see if there had been any progress on resolving my case, and each time I was told variations along the lines of 'We are expediting this, but please be patient, it can take up to 30 business days to resolve, we will notify you by email'.Well, guess what - it has now been 30 business days and nothing. Obvious to me now really - I was never going to get any reply. For the Binance staff that are paid to come here solely to post replies to comments making it seem that the company actually cares, why don't you take a moment to imagine, as you are all human beings (which are supposed to have at least a tiniest bit of empathy) how it might feel if you were in the same position as me, to be told that 'Oh, we'll get back to you, but it will take 30 business days, please be patient', then after that 30 business days is up, end up realising that you were just being fobbed off, nobody was ever going to look at your problem and that long wait is designed solely to make you give up and go away? Shame on all of you.

Pretty good exchange, not too much hassle.

It's good for traders. If you want a shortcut then go away from it

I am a fully kyc verified customer and without any valid reason binance has blocked my withdraw and deposit of funds from my bank account to the platform. Have been with binance for over 2 years, I have always funded my binance account with the same bank for over 2 years without any issue. And now they have put a risk management control on my account. They make excuses saying it's a issue with everyone in the U.K. but that is a lie cos all my friends and family also have binance and none of them have been blacklisted or blocked from deposit or withdrawing there funds. I know this cos I asked them all. They forwarded me a email to binfity their payment partners and they just say cos of breaching security or something. If I was to do any sort of fraud or anything why would I use the same bank for more then 2 years and fully kyc verified myself. I am very disappointed and I would strongly suggest everyone find another exchange.

Honestly surprised by the bad ratings, Binance are by far the cheapest when it comes to fees when trading, selling, purchasing cryptocurrencies.Even withdrawing to a credit card is charged 1.5% which is not expensive at all, usually withdrawals directly to bank cards are charged more than that.The Earn feature to earn 5% or 10% on some crypto (DOT, EOS, etc) is very interesting.If you are new, Binance looks very complicated but it's worth spending some time to understand because honestly these guys are top notch professionals and offer the very best.

For converting, for example, eur to ETH, they say it is zero fee, but while selling they give a price lower than actual price, and while buying they give a price higher than actual price. I just bought some ETH at 1542 euros through this so called zero fee conversion, but the truth is in the past few hours it has not even touched that mark! Dishonest. Talking about zero fee conversion, not trading.

The company’s security is tight and the features are amazing

Useless, not sure why Binance exists. Should follow FTX path and die peacefully. None money transfers options work, deposits are returned next morning. Complete waste of time and money.

SCAM Company, As soon as possible transfer your funds to your bank account and immediately delete their app from your mobile phone.

I've been using Binance for two years and I have to say I'm not very satisfied. The fees are quite high and got much higher recently. Plus, I have experienced some issues with the withdrawal process, and customer service has been unresponsive. Overall, I'm not very impressed with Binance. Moved to another wallet.

Verygood #legal system working. Still some updates to be done but i am not going to give them info unless they ask. Wink ;)I trusted that Elon Musk. I hope ge really exists. Even if he is an actor [shoulder shrugg]

Well its the best exchange for a reason! most of the staff is amazing :)

On the desktop platform, crucial pages of my account were blank with all of Firefox, Chrome and Edge browsers. As far as the app went (Android phone), I couldn’t find all the functionality I needed. The only way I could see full functionality was via Firefox browser on my phone.When attempting to deposit GBP via bank transfer, my bank (TSB) couldn’t verify the details given for Krill’s account with Clearbank. When I opted to proceed anyway, TSB got the heeby-jeebies over security, locked me out of online banking and gave me the “third degree”. My TSB account was debited, but the deposit to Binance failed. In fairness, I must admit that the funds arrived back with TSB in a few hours.All in all, a nerve-wracking waste of time with stress, grief and aggravation. Binance is best avoided!

Out of all the experiences I have had in my life I have honestly never been treated worse by an entity in this planet than by this company.I been a loyal customer 1 year since binance inception, I think I have lost with them over 60kUSD easily, over these 7 years I just asked for the same commissions that they offer new users through their affliates but was always refused. 60k USD probably over 10k USD JUST IN FEES and what does binance give me for all this money spent at their platform and my loyalty? 0.00000015 USD LOOTBOXES, Great , Now we are even CZ. STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS, YOU have 100x times chance making money in a casino than little midget scamnance.Just look at every reply they post in trustpilot 'hello dear binancian, if you can just give us your case ID, we can continue treating you like we used to which made you come here and write this review in the first place' NO CONCERNS OF ANY OF THE REVIEWERS ARE ADRESSED!

I tried to log into  their chat account but I couldn't as they kept asking for more verification  which  I tried to do but every time I did what they asked they ask for something else. They do not want to talk to anybody

good for transaction but fees so hight to other network i cou;dn't use my cashback B.R

I am writing to say a huge thank you to Binance for being a safe and trustworthy platform.I have been using Binance.com for over a year and I am a very HAPPY user. I move my fiat and crypto freely within the platform and outside. Deposits and withdrawals work to/from my UK bank account as well as to/from my overseas bank accounts- I have never had any issues. Once I sent crypto to the scammer and reported to the Binance support, they blocked the scammer’s account promptly and the scammer returned himself my crypto after! I make money every single day on Binance.com from the comfort of my own home. I have never had any issues. If something is not clear, I get in touch with the Support Team and they help me. Binance offers many opportunities and very innovative in their approach. I have no idea where negative reviews are coming from. Binance does its best to deliver great service and provide its safety and satisfaction to users. I love financial freedom Binance offers and it is not even near to any Bank.  This is not a PAID, sponsored or fake review. I am a genuine user and I have been using Binance.com for over a year. A MASSIVE thank you to Binance. You are the BEST.

binance is a fraud company. it ate my $69000 in ETF. they rugpulled ETF sushiup, filup, adaup, dotup, yfiup and many others and delisted them when they were down -90%. binance didnt allow me to recover loss and removed all the ETF tokens and i lost $69000 permanently. this is fraud scam by binance. not only I but many other traders who invested in ETF got scammed by binance. binance bought big quantity at low price then sold at hight at current market price binance removed all ETF tokens (as they are ETF only exchange traded tokens) there is no chance to recover them from other exchanges. binance did managed scam using ETF tokens.

As the market leader in crypto and a UK user, I cannot fault Binnace.Good platform, excellent deposits/withdrawals (seconds and I receive money in my bank account).100% trust Binnace with my money. I am only assume any one with issues hasn't set their account up correctly or trying to do dodgy stuff.Happy with their compliance. 10/10 and at least for me, they are perfect.

Currently having issues with my Binance account have been unable to login for over 7hours now please help

I had transferred USD 7863 to ultraprotrader.online from Binance and thereafter 5 days, via a manual transaction ultraprotrader.online transferred USD 15700 to CoinTracker application without my consent. I am able to view the funds in it but unable to withdraw the fund. please help me to withdraw the money or transfer back to binance.

I've made money using this app. Tho, unable to withdraw to any UK bank account. Apparently, all UK banks have blocked transactions from this app due to fraud. I have spent 4 hours of my life finding this out. Their support centre insisted it's JUST my bank. But really, it's every bank in the UK. And they are not going to tell you this info. They will let you spend hours getting stressed and not tell you the truth.

Many binary options and forex trading brokers are not trustworthy. There are only a few platforms you can trust . I once hired a cyberspace data forensic expert on Instagram , webghost33 , who helped me recover my lost funds from fake brokers . I almost lost my life fortune . This is why I’ll always tell people to consult cybersecurity experts, blockchain devs and crypto financial advisors before looking into trading platforms.

Binance is without doubt the benchmark for what a crypto exchange should be, period.

Holy s*** horribleHaven't experienced something like thisThey are readily available to answer you at all hours of the dayBut they send you down a neverending rabbithole of menial tasks where just when you think you are done they ask for one more thing, or the same thing again Some crazy Kafkaesque stuff. Never wrote a Trustpilot review until now, this deserved it.

When trying to get verified many times without success. They ask you for verification via video to nod your head with mouth open. This is extremely perverted and not right. Binance should be sued for this behaviour. I still was unable to be verified after using a passport and 2 drivers licences. Spent a hour doing these stupid perverted facial actions waste of time. Dont use Binance they have no respect or morals.

Stay away from these scammers. When you trade futures with them if you are in loss their application perform good but when you are in profit application behave abnormally. Always stop loss and take profit hits in their favor. I move hook usdt SL to 2.92 where actually I was in 50 usd profit but sl triggered at 2.87 when I was in loss. Stay away from these filthy scammers

Never used my account and I wanted to delete/close it now. So, I had to upload my ID. What? I have already logged in, why the F I have to upload my ID? Is that even legal? FU

One thing sure  You will lose a lot of money than profit from this platform. Stay away. U will never earn. Never ever. This platform will trick u earn a little at first and then take it from u anytime they want. Binance will always win the money and you will a million times lose no matter how hard u try. Your effort to trade and invest here will be wasted.  so please save yourself and money and not to use Binance ever. Put your money somewhere else before you regret.

asked to see my deposits and withdraws from and into my bank account, for tax reasons. something so simply and they took forever to give me an answer. they came up with a very complicated solution said it was for security reasons that i dont have access to my own information. "most of the records remain private due to our compliance policies"

Warning scam

They have stolen locked my money now i cant withdraw them i have forward it to the police ..

I sent usdt to Binance's own crypto address and can't get it back. The support team always says please tell me the TXID, but I can't text them or reach them anywhere else because the site from which I withdraw the money uk-diffco is closed! and I don't know TXID! But they still don't understand me and they want TXID.I will never get my 112.75 USDT.Because they want txid but I don't know.binance user id : 128089490

SCAM ALERT,The GMT token was sent to my binance wallet address from an external wallet but binance don't show me my coin cuz they wanna scam me,I will also try to spoil your company name on every social media platforms cuz you need to refund my coin right now

I can't withdraw any fiat from my wallet. Every method I try I get the "Account not verified" error. My account is verified, but not verified 'plus' but that shouldn't be a problem. I should be able to withdraw money with a normal verified account. They make it very easy to deposit money to binance to start trading but make it nearly impossible to get your money back. Because i'm still a student, I can't upload any of the required documents they ask to become verified plus.Update: This is my case ID: #100624728I am looking forward to solving this issue.Update: Proof of address is required to withdraw fiat. This was not really clear but customer service helped to clear things up.

Avoid these guys based in Malta. They will steal your money. The verification process is Impossible and sick. They make you nod your head with mouth open like giving a blow J. Avoid binance the have over leveraged and are going broke

Everyone who wants to lose money and life try it for yourself. There is no chance against this giant fraud scheme. System won’t let you win in the long term, save urself nerves and energy and forget about crypto and definitely don’t invest in binance. Bitcoin will fall as low as they want not even talking about all the rest altcoins.

bad bad bad baddddddddddddddddddddddddd my account withdrawal suspend now they ask video my self bad bad bad bad. binacne if you need suspend account please selete rich people bad

Amazingly was able to reset my phone number quite easily. Used to take days for any kind of security reset. Glad they've upped their game, will come back to them now after months of refusing to jump through their hoops.

Binance disabled my account for no reason after a year. Support is useless, they even can't name rule of reason. Never trust ur money to those scammers.P.S. don't lie, everything ur agent can do is to send "we can't provide additional information" constantly. Nobody would trust u their money in this caseSUPPORT RESPONSEBased on our Terms of Service, we are sorry to inform you that due to internal policies and risk assessment, we are unable to offer our services to you at this moment. Binance has reserved the right to terminate certain business relationships at its discretion. Please withdraw your funds as soon as you can. We deeply apologize for any inconvenience caused.We understand your frustration. However, we are not in the position to provide any additional details, - your account has been flagged due to an internal risk assessment and as a result, we are unable to serve you further in accordance with our Terms of Use.Believe me, I would love to offer you our services and products more than anything. From my position, I will try as much as I can to help you.But something is related to our internal policy and that has been set up automatically by our system. I, unfortunately, don’t have the ability to change it at this present moment. I humbly apologize for the inconvenience in this matter.

I transfered 900dollars  it on Wednesday evening 26 january, money was taking from bank on Thursday 27 january. My question is, why still after 3 weeks my money still havent got back to my bank account. Money should get back to my bank account, if i paid from differen account. You are sending again, and again, and again like 100 times allready please provide proof of payment. I paid with different sepa payment, so how the money just can dissapear? And your 24/7 live support sucks, there is no live support. Im just getting sick of this. Why money just havent returned to my bank account if i have paid from wrong bank account? I paid with differend bank account, not with that what i supposed to pay with. So where is my money now? it have just disapeared. How many times i can provide my payment?(Update)Id case? Thats the point,that there is no live chat or id case.. binance is just asking to provide new documents.. all the time.. after 3 days, i upload right photo with right bank account,but thats not enough.. same question every time, upload new, upload new. How hard is just to send back money to my bank account? That money doesn't belong to you, i have allready transfered all what i wanted true coinbase, it took 30 minutes, not 4days, or two weeks..This what i got from binance each time:The documents you submitted for your bank transfer appeal from account ending with 4512 requires attention. Please click the button below to re-submit the relevant documents.(Another update) Money is back in my bank account after 12 working days.. not bad, but it could have been made faster..

I have been a Binance user for several months now and I am extremely impressed with the platform. The user interface is clean and user-friendly, making it easy to navigate. The trading process is seamless and I have never experienced any glitches or issues with my transactions.What sets Binance apart from other exchanges is their exceptional customer support. Any time I have had a question or issue, the support team has been quick to respond and provide a solution. The security measures in place give me peace of mind knowing my assets are protected.I highly recommend Binance to anyone looking for a reliable and trustworthy cryptocurrency exchange. They have truly exceeded my expectations and I am confident in their ability to continue providing top-notch service. Thank you Binance for a fantastic experience!

I should have read more of the negative reviews. To withdraw funds expect to first deposit a quarter of the value of the withdrawal. I did this but have not seen the funds deposited in the receiving account but the Binance website states the withdrawal is successful. Customer Support, live chat & FAQs totally useless.

It's good platform ,but verification makes me crazy

Avoid it or don't be sorry if they close and block your account for no reason after a period. This company will collapse worst than FTX. They have already blocked possibility of usd withrawal. Probably in a few weeks they will stop withrawals of crypto and fiat completely. Withraw your funds as soon as you can

binance is scam my crypto this is feke company don't use this website all customer support chatting and scam money

I've been a Binance user for over five years now and they're top quality. I've used other exchanges like CB and CDC. I find Binane cheaper for fees and money gets paid out fairly quickly. Overall, I highly recommend it, especially for new users. Customer support is decent too.

First of all…we frickn’ LOVE Binance as a global business. We trade consistently using Binance.US Even use API connection for automated crypto trading. We can almost guarantee that the plethora of recent bS bad reviews are either 1) riddled with user error cases or 2) more plausibly just a cordinated effort to undermine the NUMBER 1 crypto exchange. #WeCrypto #WeTrade #WeBinance These haters out here are many 🤦‍♂️. Look us up on social media platforms. We don’t do fake reviews. #ProfitsOnRepeat #CryptoMadeEazy Wealthy Choices, LLC

I was gonna deposit 5K euro to my account with credit card, I had to add a new card but I messed up 1 of the last 4 diges on my card. Then I had to do a fiat deposit request containing 3 things. -national ID -Creditcard info -bank statment of the card I was trying to deposit with (the one with 1 wrong diget) So ofcause the card do not exist and i can not upload a banksatment that belongs to that card. I go to customer chat service and get in contact with an agent, the agent keeps saying he is gonna check it with relevent team without asking what my issue was or anything. (This takes 15-20 min) I the i tell him what my problem is to help him and his "team" to locate my problem" but the guy/girl wants me to send a video of me, opening my bank on my phone and showing my credit card in the app??? Like what the hell?? my card and national ID was already approved when I send the fiat deposit request? In total I spend over 1 hour on getting no where. Worst customer service ever...

Been using Binance since their inception without issue transferred approx 250k thru them. Was happy to play their silly games a cpl years ago of changing the way I deposited based on who they were currently friends with in the banking industry etc. But in the last week they have decided to intro a ‘proof of income’ requirement. Which means that all funds I have on the platform (luckily only now about £5k) are held hostage until I send them extremely personal and sensitive documentation. I have now done this, but they haven’t said how they’re holding this info (despite me asking), and as we all know from Hodlnaut and the Terra nonsense, literally nobody is to be trusted. However, as the CEO CZ has now made enough billions of $$ from us we now have to fall into line and comply like good little minions. Well screw you bud, I’m out of the madness for good, I trust you and your company like I’d trust s8ville with the local brownies group.

World best crypto company %100 l love them so much

Hi the chat is not helpful it keeps saying if I locked account which I didn't Binance locked it in block chain .

Gone downhill. I transferred GBP 5k FIAT to Binance.Normally, its within hours. On this occasion, Binance show funds coming in and held with the status "Processing" since 23rd Jan!!Totally wrong-footed me and caused disruption4Feb2023 : Still no progress! I will follow advice and aim to get on Binance Chat.This is waste of time as Chat Bot is blocking. On Monay I will raise a complaint with UK FCA Request all my funds are return to my registered bank account

I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews. I have been using this service for a long time and calmly exchange currency. Transfer to the card is also easy, without difficulty. A few minutes and the money is on my card. Everything is very easy and safe

I have been using Binance for two years so far , never needed nor contacted CS because everything was just fine.

Hi , Binance user for a couple of years. Verified , always do small transactions(usually my parents sending me money  bcs it's difficult to do transfers between countries) never had any problems , so I started to trust Binance and rely on it. One month ago I had some financial issues and my parents sent me money as a New Year present. I converted my money to EUR (not a really big amount) and tried to do SEPA withdrawal on my verified bank account like I always do. But this time it doesn't work and my money is blocked in my account and I can't do anything with it(no transfer,convert etc). You want to know why? Like a support member from Binance explained to me it's because at this moment they have a problem with their partner - Paysafe who is responsible for all SEPA transactions. And till this problem will be resolved they can't do anything about it ,all I can do is just wait. So they have technical issues and they didn't even annonce it anywhere to prevent a situation like this. It's been one month now. Still same generic replies from support team - "You need to wait more but we don't know why and how long". I find it's irresponsible for brand and company like Binance. I think I will never use their services again and I hope one day I could get my money back. So think a couple of times before using them for any operations. Case id: 98810472

Won't release funds.  Only responds with disgustingly polite 'bots'.

My complaint was 18 months ago and just had a reply’ I have now sent the link of trustpilot to my MP and have ask him to look In to all the bad reviews. And to take action, I do understand it’s a long process in the U.K. but at least the ball is rolling This company can not be allowed to get away with all the bad reviews and the way they handle complaints ‘

I do not know why people give bad review to this platform, i have been using the platform for 4 years now and i have not had any bad experience, binance always solve the issues even on p2p appeal order everything is safe and i am a proud user of Binance

Worst company ever. They have stolen 27 thousand EUR from me. I tried to send 27 thousand euros to my account in Binance, the money has not come to my Binance nor to my bank. They told me the money will get back to me and it has been almost two weeks since this has happened. Be careful and don't trust them.

Binance is a criminal and crooked company! They let you put money in, they verify you within hours but the moment your money hits your account and you try to withdraw it or send it elsewhere, they lock your account, they flag your account, with bs messages like account suspended due to risk management etc. This company is illegally operating and they are all criminals! Within a few weeks they liquidated my account stole my funds and blocked my access to binance. Do not trust these thieves! Do not open an account with them! The owner CJ is a criminal! They are all criminals there! Burn this company down! I have reported this company to all the proper authorities! They are under investigation for defrauding 10' of thousands of customers! Every employee at Binance is under investigation and will be help accountable! Criminals they all are!! Horrible Company!

I Don't Know Why The People Give Bad Reviews For This Platform ,  I'm Used This Platform For Last 3 Years , My Experience Is Very Better , I Have Already Bought Different KindCrypto With This Exchange ,, And I Have Invest All My Money In Binance , But They're Very Faithful And Trusted ,, I Love Binance

I have read your response, your how many years too late, I shall NOT allow for you and your staff to influence the deterioration of my mental health. You only care NOW, because your reviews are so poor. I had informed you when I complained to your company, that I would leave a review on trustpilot, but your arrogance deluded you into a state of self pride and self adulation, and the joy of taking someone's money, and keeping that money, knowing that it would be impossible for me to have that money returned to me. Despite it being within the time line YOU stated on your company site! This is insincere!

It’s unfortunate how these scammers even try to sleep at night knowing they stole someone hard earned money. Here i registered with a scam broker and was trickedme into putting in money, I lost my $179,000 in USDT to the guy I met on Telegram group. He claimed to be a broker and has been trading for some 7 years. He convinced me to invest hoping I will get 35% of my profit in 7days time but I was asked to pay money to be able to withdraw my capital. Even after I paid I wasn’t able to get my money. be careful do not take any Bonus offer from your broker or your manager, do not allow your broker manager trade on your behalf. That is how they manipulate traders funds. If you need assistance with retrieving your lost fund from your broker or Your account has been manipulated by your broker manager or maybe you are having challenges with withdrawals due to your account been manipulated.  A friend of mine recommended to me a broker professional Mr. Williams to help me recover my USDT, Mr. Williams who did not only help me recover my USDT but also reviewed all their info that assisted the Interpol to get them arrested. All thanks to Mr. Williams and his team. Kindly get in touch with Mr. Williams with as he will guide you on simple and effective steps to take in getting your entire fund back by yourself.

They let me open account. Let me put money in. But for two and a half years they've asked for verification and failed me every time with the same paperwork that they allowed to take my money. They are thieving crooks and if you put money in there they will steal it. They are criminals, have nothing to do with it unless you want to be robbed.They are thieving crooks and the only good reviews they have on here are fake. You're better off setting fire to your money than giving it to these criminals. Have nothing to do with it. I've lost my money, don't lose yours.

I wish I'd read some of these other experiences before I fell into the same trap. Binance is a scam. Avoid it at all costs. They sent me notification I had to deposit money to get a deposit withdrawn. I did that and they then haven't sent it to the receiving account. Tried contacting them through customer support & live chat function - neither of which work. They have basically stolen all my money. Steer well clear!

The nutwits at binance consider my 18 different small trades of usdt in p2p platform as wash trading. My makers feature on the platform has been disabled for 3 months cause i tried manipulating the usdt market with my 18 different trades of 1 usdt each. The pathetic customer service can’t seem to review my issue at all.

Hello Binance asked me to transfer 8500 which I did to verify account then I transferred it out and now I get email off them saying it’s on hold and want me to transfer more money please will some one help me

Finaly i dont know what to do 7 days i cant withdrawall my money this morning i upload document third times few minute later i receive an email that said my document is approved successfuly and i verify the adress verification are completed. when i try to withdrawall i receive the same message. I spent the wole day to find an agent to help me each time they said they wil transfer me until the day are end.what it is ? yre not careful of customer imagine 7days with my money finaly i send the document as you asked i approve and my monney is stilll blocked thas not make sense

Binance temporarily halted my withdrawal without email notification. They mention sending an email, but no email has yet arrived. How can we solve this problem? I have contacted customer service 10 times in the past 24 hours, but no one is able to assist me. Here is my query for Binance: Is this the definition of a secure platform where you can at any time create a cash flow problem for your client? Most recent conversation: #99790566

Excellent and fast withdrawals and deposits.The trade works optimally.

According to me this is the best crypto wallet right now. I used to use another wallet before but I have shifted to this Binance wallet and I have been using this wallet for a long time. I haven't faced any problem so far. I have many reasons for shifting here. It is also very good trading site but here I am not trading now, just using it as a crypto wallet.First of all the reason for using it, the option of crypto convert here is super useful. I have never converted crypto with such low fee before, even here you can convert crypto with zero fee. It seems much more useful to me.Second, as far as I know or in my opinion Binance is currently the most secure platform in the crypto world to hold cryptocurrency.Thirdly, from here, the crypto send or withdraw system with Binance Pay ID is very useful, because through this method, crypto can be sent at zero fee. Besides, the normal withdraw fee is very low here.Also, playing the WODL game here and you can also have a chance to get spot cash rewards or NFTs from that. Moreover, there are many payment systems where Crypto or NFTs can be bought and sold directly.They have very good support teams and Twitter handles or social media platforms where they are very active and indeed their support is available here, as well as lots of news and information that they provide.My very best wishes to the Binance team as they continue to operate with Honestly, Integrity and Securely!

Withdrawal SMS code not arriving even after 10 attempts. And yes, my number is 100% correct I've been using it for years on Binance. ..What a BS platform anyway..

Just started trading. New to the game I've sent about 5k to wrong address binance not interested in helping however they take money off the transactions. Poor customer service and very bad company no loyalty to customer avoid

Manipulate price 99%, piece of trash, don't ever try margin or futures if you want to keep your money in this shjt place

I've invested thousands of dollars into binance cryptocurrency and have always heard binance is the top company platform to use. Unfortunately binance refuses to fix a trade glitch that took 39k and turned it into 16k in a flash. I've tried multiple times talking with them thru emails and they keep saying the system acted correct by taking 21000 dollars immediately and now refuse to make it right. Binance has lost my trust and has stole my money. Someone responded from binance on trust pilot still no change other than wasting more of my time. I was sold axl for 1.59. It was currently at .512 when I bought it. It has never reached 1.59 and costed me 21k. Thumbs down for binance. Crooks and basically get ready to loose your money if u trust binance cause it'll be gone in a flash like they did me. How is it legal to charge nearly 3x over going rate that immediately takes 21k from your account. David KirkI have opened the chat box then asked for live person 3 times now and they keep saying they will reply by email and to respond by email. I did this after u said too time before a few days goes by then again saying that the system acted correctly by charging me 3x the amount and taking 21k. I'd love to solve this I have done the live agent way 3 times now. I get reply saying your team will look into it, and everytime they keep saying the system acted correctly. I've sent numerous screen shots and they keep responding back after few days with same story system acted correctly I'm trying to figure how to attach binance reply and actual trade that glitched. Axl pegged to 1 million I've never even heard of this happening.  This happened on 1/13/2023. 2643274 should be first case I'd. 75540690 was 2nd case I'd I opened.

Binance is a big fraud trading platform. It is stoling the money through its Merchants. I placed an order #20446550113146028032 on 11-01-2023. I deposited PKR 2700/- in a bank account provided by a merchant on Biance P2P page, the merchant nick name is "Harni". Since then neither the merchant nor Binance is responding which tentamount to mutual fraudulant behaviour both of Binance and its Merchant. I would like to warn innocent people to stay away from Biance Exchange and save their funds.

one of the best crypto app . but it was lengthy process when you deposit and withdraw cash.you can refer and earn crypto rewards.

Far much better than Coinbase, I can easily buy and send out crypto currencies immediately and they seem to have more trading pairs unlike other new exchangers.

since 09.2022 I have been waiting to receive my binance card, and I am still waiting!!!!! Binance is trash!!!

Great platform, at first I thought it was complicated to understand looking at the front page alone. I have now mastered my way around and it's easy to use.

I dont get it why there are so many bad comments but I guess a lot of fake comments for nothing :)

I had around $55 in ETH that I simply didn't want anymore, and decided to create and verify an account on Binance to get that money back into my bank. I went through the verification process initially to get my account created, and then had to verify my identity 5 times in a row while being on a support chat from 6PM until 10PM. After that, I made the deposit to verify my bank and was told by the agent that once the money is returned to my account, this means my bank has been verified and I can now withdraw my funds, this is not the case, I am now being told that it has not been verified, and being passed around from person to person on their LiveChat. It simply doesn't make sense, on the scale of things, I am only trying to withdraw $50, but if this was a large crypto trader who had millions to withdraw then it would be a different story. I am not going to say stay away from them, because you might have a better experience, but I sure won't be using their website again, because from my point of view, they are scamming.

So, an electricity bill dated December 23rd 2022 is more than three months old? Its less than a month old. You cant even do simple maths. Forget it ill use someone more competent.UPDATE: so now I have to jump through hoops to get it fixed. Have to leave an offline message. It’s just way too much hassle. You should hire more staff or inprove your systems. I was going to buy £50k of BTC but now I’m just frustrated. Fix your crappy system. It wastes everybodies time.

It´s seems Binance is running out of funds. I have the same problem that many of you wrote here. The customer service is the worst that I ever had in my life. I´m not able to withdraw my funds, despite I went through all the KYC procedures. 7 hours getting different responses in the customer chat and you can´t solve the problem. Don´t lose your time and money on this Exchange, there are much better exchanges that provide a better customer service.

Unfortunately, I have been unlucky enough that my mobile phone with my authenticator is destroyed.  I have therefore installed Google authenticator on my new mobile phone, but I cannot access my binance account even though you have received all kinds of documentation previously, driver's license, passport, bill, health insurance certificate, even got a picture of me.  all that you got when I registered on binance, (BUT now I CAN'T get in) it says I can reset my authenticator, BUT THEN I HAVE TO BE LOGGED INTO MY BINANCE ACCOUNT!  It is only the authenticator that is the problem.  it writes all the time: Incorrect 2FA verification code!  I need support from you so that you can give me the opportunity to reset so that I can use authenticator on my new mobile.

Absolutely disgraceful, want me to pay £2050 to get funds of £4000. Laughed at me being deaf.  Told my husband as I couldn't hear his reasoning of asking me to send £2050 that "he had to get over his sad miserable life" Avoid!!!Their reply to this review was totally unconcerning. People as well as myself have lost money to these robbers

In general, a convenient application, but a very long and incomprehensible registration. Approved photo on the background of the passport only the third time!

Hello Binance Can you please fuckinr release my funds. It's been 2 days since I filled a couple of appeals and you are NOT STICKING to your TIMELINES. The buyer has not provided you with proof and his not answering any of my messages. His a scammer !!!!! I need my money!!!! Don't you care about your customers???? This matter was supposed to be resolved hours ago and my order should have been cancelled. Can someone please assist me????

Good exchange if its working, if there is an issue with withdraw payment in GBP, It gets locked and you won't be able to buy / sell any coins in your preferred currency.Case ID #99342185Update: 16/01/23 : my fiat is still frozen / stuck, BOT support don’t know anything how to fix the issue, giving rubbish excuses, I already transfer coins to another exchange today, only Fiat of £7k frozen, looks like they are following the footsteps of FTX.Update: 20/01/23 - they don’t bother to solve the issue, looks like they don’t have money in their balance sheet.  Funds still frozen.

Although Binance has been quite secure since I have been using then, I will advise every user to purchase a cryptocurrencyinsurance policy to protect their assets. Purchasing a crypto-insurance policy is easy, just carry out a google search of cryptocurrencyinsurance

In more than 5 years using Binance I never had an issue but gratitude.Today I got my first issue and the chat/bot support hasn't been helpful, I got paid DAI by mistake on the FTM network and the recovery team is charging 5X the received amount to refund it to the source wallet. Who with an inch of common sense would agree on such a deal? FTM is one of the cheapest networks, a transfer is just cents but Binance wants to charge 10000% for that transfer than the regular withdrawal cost. Practically the cost of listing DAI token on FTM network is passed to me if I agree on such a unfairness. Application ID Zd9o23eFsKLCpnD8yhKpKindly double check my case so I don't become a new unsolved complainer, with  just a template answer as a solution :(thank you

Binance is the best platform in the world. Safe platform and good services. Thank you very much, the Binance team. ID 165137571

These Guys decided to permanently block my account when I clearly did not violate their terms and conditions these company start out with a good reputation then over the years indulge in fraudulent activities and run away with people's money. PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM BINANCE THEY ARE A BIG SCAM

I don't know why there is a low rating here, everyone knows about binance and without this project the crypto industry would be completely different. I agree that the project has big disadvantages, but the platform works and there were no problems in my experience.

Complete fraud. Basically stole my money. Everything appears fine until you want to withdraw your funds. They are under investigation. They dont have the money they claim to have. Face ID to withdraw 10 dollars. Dumbest thing I have seen this year.. Last time I logged on, I could withdraw 0,5 BTC a day with no problem. Nowadays it is nothing different from any other financial service online. If you are going to trade, at least pick a platform that wont go bankrupt or face a lawsuit within the next 2 years.

High trading fees and many hidden fees. If you did not put stop loss and lose 100, you will lose 200 in total, 100 will be for their processing fee. 99.99 %you will lose your deposit .  Do not trade with them.

I got binance crypto card, i think its perfect visa card for crypto holders

Best and biggest trading platform with the minimum fees, they make my trading journey easy. Happy to be here.

I think Binance is the most secure and reliable cryptocurrency exchange with the best graphics and everything. I think those who go around giving negative comments about the app are those who didn't want to learn gradually and master how it works but were in a hurry to earn probably because a friend was earning from it lol.

+Many supported coinsp2pgood protection-difficult verificationnot always good supportalmost impossible to disable 2fa if lost it

good company overall. easy to deposit and also withdraw.

My account was emptied.i can't call or email anyone. Nobody cares and they won't provide proof of how the person logged in and bypassed the 2fa security.what a disgrace

When I tried to get money out to manage a financial emergency, they didn't let me for months. I tried dozens of times in vain.After 2 months I tried once more , doing exactly the same as before and it worked.I read somewhere they do that sometimes. If a normal company would do that, it would be called bankrupcy.

Additional Verification is under review. So, I'm a Muslim and that makes me a terrorist? I had already verified my account complete, but the deposit of just $15 from my own account went to "Additional Verification"?

Impossible to withdraw from Binance?I have sent money via Binance to Coinstats on several occasions,A man named Peter managed to transfer some of this money to his account. For that reason in order to withdraw my money I had to deposit $4700. Now Peter refuses to pay back to Binance the money he wrongfully took. And then Binance thinks I should pay this too. Understand what they want: I have to pay the money Peter has taken from me according to Binance. I want to warn against this company. They don't seem serious and the money seems to be not secure when they become involved.Is there anyone who can tell me what to do?What news? Now I have paid the money they wanted me to pay (2300 $), so now I hope they are going to pay me my money. Yes I´m sure. It is my money!As soon as this is done, I will delete this critic.I will not delete this critic, because Binance could not solve the problem. So the money were sent to another company. Binance is not serious.

BINANCE CLAIM TO BE TRANSPARENT AND TECH APP :1) REVIEWS CLOSED     Yes✅     No2)0 TRANSPARENCY     Yes✅     No❌❌3)BLOCK PEOPLE ACCOUNT WITHOUT REASON      Yes✅     No4) BINANCE SELLING DATA CUSTOMER TO THIRD PARTIES      Yes✅✅✅     No5) BINANCE BLOCK CUSTOMER CHAT'S      Yes✅     No6) BINANCE CUSTOMER SERVICE     Good     Worst Ever✅7) IT'S BINANCE CENTRALISED EXCHANGE     Yes✅     No8) PEOPLE LOSE MONEY ON BINANCE     Yes✅✅✅     No❌9) IT'S BINANCE NO.1 PLATFORM AND EXCHANGE     Yes     No✅✅✅💩💩💩🤮🤮🤮

Scammer this is my forth and final review. You didn't contact me yet. Even I verified my account scammer. You were repeating the same answer to contact live support. How con I contact, after you block my device IP address and took my money. I'm saying to everybody, don't use this scammers website. Only Asians are using now. All others already gave up this scammers. We can see from the reviews. Scammer keep my money. I will see how God will punish you and your family. Bad luck . No need to reply the same thing. Ok

Why so low a rating?  Binance is one of the best crypto traders.

Whoever comes to this website for trust check, will perfectly figure out how unlawful and marginal Binance acts. The negative reviews act for the actuality of it! My account got suspended and blocked for no reason while being Plus Verified and active for 4 years. And not only did this happen to me, but to 6 more people around me!

I'm impressed with how the transaction was done for only or less than a minute. I have been exploring the features of Binance Pro and I am interested in an automated trading grid, earn- Auto invest, Cross margin, and future, every pair when you understand the path of your trading pairs with enough margin to minimize the potential risk and liquidity, you can earn even you were offline. So while I'm preparing my funds for my plan portfolio of pairs, I want to expand my network first and create my team to have extra earnings in the future. To anyone who can read this review, I'd like to let you know that I am a Binance Pro user, ignore the negatives reviewed by others, the fact in trading is that when you are never sure about the trend of prices, do not dare to trade to avoid the loses. But when you are sure that the pairs can generate profit for you, then invest in them, do your math and make the calculation where when you start and when where you stop. Don't forget to add a Margin to adopt the potential risk and liquidity.Join my team A and we both receive 10% free trading fees for every pair we trade and enjoy the future benefits only in Binance.Explore the future, Automated trading grid, and don't forget to subscribe to earn- auto-invest. Just subscribe to the available slot of trading pairs.My referral ID: YEMGIPDB

Binance used to be good before but now, Binance is a A VERY DANGEROUS SCAM ❌❌Beware! Binance stole many people's money on Dec. 2022 and they're complaining about it.A lot of people have lost their money on Dec.2022 in Binance.Yesterday I deposited 515.180328GMT into my Binance account but Binance withheld my coin. After I provide them with the TxID, They confirmed from the blockchain explorer that the transaction was successful and now they're saying I must pay them 500 BUSD before they will release my 515.180328GMT which is not up to $100 worth.This is my TxID:0x451276226cd5a54a2ba370827b9aed01671ca93fd0ce3eb21a2fec0631211a5cI will close my account if Binance refused to release my coin because I can't afford to be losing my money and even the borrowed ones.

Binance is the biggest scam! That's why they promote "the biggest wealth transfer in the modern times". It means they take it from your account to their account!!! You never see the money again! Watch out!!

I feel comfortable with Binance, their security is top notch leaving me with little to worry about.

They disabled my account without any explanation!!!I can't believe that, however I'm glad not to be their customer with this manner of customer service.

Think twice !Binance got my picture and all evidence of who i am..and yet all my dealings dissapeared yes there was a broker in between,,But again,,a company who dos not allow You in any way to get in contact with them Is in my view not trustworthy. And yes the answer on binance, is a computer that lets You read..as i said no communication

Best trading experience with the least trading fees, I love this platform

Absolutely terrible experience with Binance. Had to permanently delete my account and now I cant create a new one just because I somehow violated one of their TOS that they are not even telling me. Never used any VPN, never used any third party thing, never accessed my account from any other device apart from my pc and phone.

CZ is definitely on of the most powerful men in the world you can’t take that away from him, his platform is setting the crypto space pace too.

Binance is a very reliable partner in the crypto industry. Been with them for some years now. I'm impressed with the evolution of the platform.

Theft! scam! hateful! stole my money! After two years of having account and hold different coins they said that you should close account. I had to change money to tron and send money. I hate you binance ashame

Worse ever platform!!!Be careful to deposit any large amount of assets into this platform.I have invested/moved/deposited huge amounts of my crypto assets into Binance platform, but unexpectedly few weeks ago received an email to withdraw all my assets due to unknown reasons, as they have to disable my account!!!No explanation, no excuses, just simple email notification with 2 weeks period to remove ALL the assets!!!99% of my cryptocurrencies were deposited into Binance EARN projects and it was really hard to unstake and move out huge amounts of crypto assets.Very unfortunate, very unfair situation…I have contacted Binance customer support but without any success:Case id: 98672105

Stay away from binance they absolutely no tech support they are not transparent about the glitches that happend to my account they refuse to tell me anythingCase Id starts with 7 not 9

No way to contact them.No phone number, email contact never answered...They hide themselves!I could pay to have a human to help me but really, there is no one to contact, in any cases.Any banks has a human who can deal with special cases ; with Binance, no!How could they get the right to be accredited?!..."Réponse : BinanceIl y a 3 heuresHi there!We will be glad to help you via chat of our customer support.In order not to ask you for any personal information, please, connect to us via live chat here  (...)We will assist you and check all the relevant information.-SA"well, you confirm you have no one ,no email adress, who could take my case until his resolution!Thanks!Someone , in the chat, does not involve himself because he speaks upon Binance and so, he does not take seriously what the customers requires.

Binance is considered a safe exchange. It has Low fees and Great analytic tools. its advanced options and powerful tools will keep advanced traders happy.

without any reason they have restricted my account and infact they are not even giving any informationsimpely saying we cannot provide you our service secondly infact there was no trade taken neither a deposit or withdrawal into the account and being told that we cannot provide u any service. strange to know as well. upon asking we can give information to government agencies not to you if required, thats all.

This is my final review. I reviewed you here all my details. If you want check my all reviews here scammer. I didn't get a solution. 3 times you said to get live chat support. I can give you screen shots. Never get live support without login even there is a visitor option. I lost my mone. Your company is a big scam. You can do this only a few days or month. Keep in mind I will review everywhere until you solve my issue. Good bye scammer

I have nothing but great experience with Binance, greatest crypto exchange of our time. Support is a little slow but on and on great exchange.

Recently used my binance account to transfer money to my friend in another country with very little fee. so I love it

This company just froze my verified account without any reason and does not let me withdraw my money over 3 weeks so far. The customer support is drivelling and can not tell neither a reason nor when my account is unfrozen or when they return my money back, if ever. Looks like a scam.

Binance exchange provides users with a convenient platform for storing and trading cryptocurrencies, but not only. As for the exchange, everything is fine here. There is a simple and intuitive interface for the user, which is easy to navigate. There are a large number of trading pairs and wallets themselves on the exchange. I have not experienced any problems with the conclusions yet, but I have experienced the support service, it reacts quickly and helps, but I want to warn you right away that it is not safe to store cryptocurrency on the exchange. This exchange was also attacked because of which funds disappeared from the exchange, but the exchange itself compensated its users. It is worth noting that the exchange enjoys great popularity and trust among users.

Binance is scammer ,. They scammed my 60 $ .

It used to be maybe the best exchange, but after seeing quite many red flags in the media later + having some issues with withdrawing my USDC I have decided to look for another trading platform.

The well famous and trusted wallet and also a best trading app i really like it♥️.Binance is a very good wallet in the world.I'm using binanace 3 to 4 years and I haven't had any complaints or issues with it. It's awesome and there is no other app in the world that I can trust. I trust this app blindly. I'm so grateful to the binanace and their team.♥️💖🥰

been using Binance since 2019, I am fully satisfied with the service. The only issue I am facing is that it sometimes logs out on its own and I have to enter the login details again. Needs improvement

this  is  scam  company  my  withdraw  delayed for almost  30 days

Case ID 98371764Binance are usually great, I love binance. I've had an account with them for over a year now. However: I haven't been able to access my gbp and its taken longer than a week, they are very responsive but it's very stressful as it's not really clear why they won't let me access my money. I'm waiting to be whitelisted, I was told it would be done by tomorrow but that seems unlikely. I feel like not enough is being done, no one should have their hard earned money 'not accessible'.

Worst place to trade, had position opened with stop loss, price reached stop loss point but didn’t close position, because of that lost significant amount of money.If you want lose your money deposit to those scammers.On top they will ask you all documents regarding source of income even they may ask size of your shoe. Crooks! Hope binance goes down like FTX. Biggest scammer exchanger in crypto world.

While trading, my account was suddenly blocked for all Euro transactions, without prior warning. Not only can't I trade in Euro anymore, I can no longer withdraw the thousands of Euros I have on the platform which are now essentially held hostage by Binance. Customer support conveniently puts all blame on their payment provider and is utterly useless. I've been promised a fix for almost a week, but nothing is done. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this shady platform.Edit: Don't be fooled by the standard reply to this review, it's been 3 weeks now and nothing has been done.

BINANCE is the BEST i can ALWAYS say it AGAIN & AGAIN.VERY SECURITY cautions.

overall good experience, i have been using binance since last year and i am happy with its services, easy payment and deposit options, customer care has to be improved more

I have received phishing scams through the 'official' Binance text message channel. There is no way to differentiate real or fake material (same message thread with verification codes with the Binance header).Fund we transferred from my account as I clicked to 'stop transfer'.No fingers pointed as I went along with it.But the explanation recieved from Binance was that:1. My iPhone was compromised or2. My carrier was compromised  I have still not received an explanation of how both messages are coming through the same channel under the banner 'Binance'

I like Binance very much. Because, it is the best platform I have found so far. People make false reviews. But, I haven't  got any problem with Binance since I have started to use it. Love you Binance and your team. ❤️❤️

No1. platform  - They know what they are doing

This is 7th day that Binance playing up with me.7 days ago they sent me an email that my account will be deactivated in 7 days and asked me to withdraw my funds.  When I wanted to withdraw it it tells me I can not withdraw and should contact with support team. Everyday I  contacted with support team and two times they asked me to fill up SOW form and I did it but nobody resolved my issue and I am still waiting. Today I received an email from Binance that have a new message and should login to see message but when I wanted to log in realised that they deactivated my account. I did log in as a visitor and they tell me I have to wait and this is 2 hours that I am waiting. I really got disappointed with this rubbish company.There are all of my cases ID as follows:For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98476808For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98440250For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98396015For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98328360For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98252164For your reference, the case ID for your inquiry is  98521873

My partner has been using binance for quite a while now and  never had a problem withdrawing.But now she can't retrieve her money it is only £75.She has wasted the hours you spend on there ridiculous customer support.Which after looking myself has been designed to put you off using because its so complicated.And she was told due to one person doing something bad they are stopping payments.My partner has spent nearly a week being fobbed off with this excuse.Bad site to get answers anyway and now you can't get your money.DONT TRUST

It is the best platform I have dealt with in my life. High security. Everything is easy on this platform

There was no email sent regarding account closure at all. Would not recommend such a broker. In contrast, I'm using Monix eGrowth/ for their current financials, and the type of returns forecasting. They have been overall useful to me. Amazing work with fair policy. Payday everyday

I'm giving it 5 star's. I want to invest here.  But im afraid. It has total poor reviews. If I lose my money then I will come and edit this review.

My name is yucef Harouat,I'm binance customer, we was scammed last week over 4400£, all our money is gone , we are on 0 now, i send all prouve to biance and it shows that is clearly a scam but they dont do nothing or help me

Good company. I lost my bitcoins to an investment platform. I found out it was a scam. Thanks to BHR for helping me recover my money. I got in touch with them via email, binaryhelprecovery then you add the domain @aol.comI was able to get my money back. I use binance to trade and I made a whole lot of gain.

They deactivate customers accounts for no reason. My account with them was recently deactivated without any explanation. All effort to get support look into this proved abortive. I've always been a loyal customer on the exchange for 5 years now and I have never violated any of their terms and conditions. They just feel the need to cut customer off for no reason. Bad exchange!Case ID 98211935.

I need urgent help, i opened this case 3 days ago and CS promised to get my funds back, now they told me they can't help,unfortunalty i released USDT to scammer tricked me with fake email, i know there 24h hold on the funds he got from me and i called support within 2 hours, the suspended his account, no ability to withdraw or do trades, now they telling me he used my funds in another trade, I can't believe that so please helpCase : 98209125

Well, I must say it works simple and trading fees are low and transaction of crypto are compared to other exchanges quite low, when u send to other external wallets also.Which is good and fair to their users including myself.But, till today I was not informed why my credit-card was canceled & I don’t get a new one.Even the support just stated, „ due to certain reason“They never said what are the reasons.The funny thing is, that I never used it actually.So that’s  kind of embarrassing for such a huge company.Bad support-chat on their platform.Thats why I just give u a 3-Star review, based on bad customer complaints handling.Greetings Michael

They make you wait 10 days before you can make any transactions once you deposit your money, which they don't tell you before you invest your money.Pretty sketchy to me, and dishonest as well. In addition, trying to withdraw your funds by sending it to a more competent platform like Coinbase is a horrible experience. Its been over an hour waiting on a "confirmation email" to finally send my funds to my other wallet.This platform is buggy, the customer service is horrible, and trying to deposit or withdraw your fund is an absolute nightmare. Stay away from this platform

Continually asks me to re verify, my camera on my phone is poor so all my photos are blurred and constantly knocked.back even though I have verified a number of occasions. Looks like this is the sign I need to take my crypto off the exchange

It has passed 2 weeks since first message. Have talked with more than 15 agents, and no one resolves. Always same auto response!! And this only because of a 3$ voucher that was being ofered for new binance card users. Had sent the links and screenshot many time but no one resolves. I image if it was a problem involving more money it would also never be resolved!!!!!case ID is: 97764983

Very easy to fund accounts and make swing trades but I have been on the chat numerous times to withdraw my own money and each time they say i have to wait a minimum of 10 DAYS!! appalling

I couldn't transfer my money back onto my card when I sold some crypto, how binance said that some card companies don't allow that service fair enough but tell me that before I buy crypto off you. Good job it was only a few hundred euros.

Bought my first bitcoin with them since last year and have been holding and trading slightly with ease, it’s really a user friendly platform platform as long as you are a little tech-savvy.

Got banned on the next day and unable to be maker on site, because I bought 8 times for 1 hour, price of all orders = 4000 rubles ( 65 usd ). They said that this is wash trading. I repeat 65 usd in total. Customer support said that now i need to buy and sell as taker for 3 months and maybe they will remove the ban. But if i will not buy and sell anything, they will not remove the ban :0 . Whaaaaaaaaaaat???

I have been on the chat numerous times to withdraw my own money and each time they say i have to wait a minimum of 10 DAYS!! appalling - AVOID this company!

What a complete waste of my time this has been. Going through the entire verification process and I can't even add a debit or credit card to my Binance account to buy cryptocurrency.It turns out that you cannot add any debit or credit card if the name as it appears on that card is not IDENTICAL to your legal name.No problem – I'll just contact customer support, I thought. Oh god no, that's too difficult. After putting the words "Customer Support" into the chat, the system was supposedly going to transfer my query to customer services. But of course not. Then it just suddenly responded with a generic message:"Sorry, this payment method is currently not available in the location you are at. We are working on making that a possibility soon. Thank you for your support."I'm sorry, what? You don't support debit or credit cards belonging to the very person you verified, simply because the name on the card is a slight variation of their actual name?What a waste of space! Never again.

The best and very reliable to me, have never had any issue for over two months I started using them.

Very bad customer service don’t want to help with withdraw problems told me there is no solution for the issue, dear customer service our money not for gambling, will not use Bainance Again will move all my trade with different platform.Case ID# 98109714

A total waste of time, no reliable customer support. The got errors in their App, login issues, etc, and no customer support!

I cant do a simple login in this stupid app, I do not why keep asking me verify my account in my phone when I did 3 times already. Also to mention the worst and cluttered UI that confusing you doing simple tasks

Amazing Amazing exchangeNo issues faced

They just make my account 7500 to zero 0.And when I try to contact with support department they just suspended my support I appeal for it but no response. They are doing same like ftx plz give my money back 98133188 my case I'd. Check with your support agent he give me wrong information amd last guy he reported agent who delivered wrong info. I asked for your regulation document you didn't provide and in your term and conditions it mentioned that you can change them any time without letting knowing the client.Mean out money isn't safe.

Suddenly very difficult to withdraw funds:Binance no longer supports my credit card for withdrawing my funds in AUD.So I tried to send my crypto to another exchange.But I found that Binance had auto-converted my stablecoins to their special one which the other exchange doesn't support.So this became very difficult and complicated, despite the fact that I had tested all of this functionality a year or so ago.Edit, 3/6/23: Also difficult to delete account. Still haven't figured it out. And the support function just takes me to a bot.

I tried Binance Pay, it works fast and without fees

This company and all the employees deserve to be investigated and imprisoned for locking accounts and taking the funds in every account they lock. They are thieves, scammers and con-artists.We have deposited US$15,000 into a newly open Binance.US account in June 2022. Shortly thereafter we received an email stating there were fraudulent activities and our account was instantly locked. We tried to log into our account every week for the past 6 months. We were told investigation was not conclusive and they needed more time. And today we received an email from August, whom we suspect is a Chinese employee/scammer, and she stated "we will no longer allow you to use Binance.US services"  and "the decision is final." Right away we knew August is an employee hired by Binance to steal funds from accountholders by locking accounts under the disguise of fraudulent activities. We were not born yesterday, and we live in a lawful country, so we are suing Binance and Binance.US, thanks to August.All of us who have lost access to our funds in our locked account by binance:1) Get a consumer fraud lawyer to sue Binance and Binance.US2) Contact your District Attorney office immediately. The DA office will freeze their assets in this country and worldwide.3) Get a class action lawsuit. Take legal action immediately. Do not delay. This company hires scammers. The owner is Chinese, as most of their employees are. They are scammers and financial criminals.They do not publish phone numbers, address, nor email contacts. Another red flag. I manage to locate their office in Palo Alto California. Scroll down the website and you will see the copyright banner:BAM Trading Services Inc. d.b.a. Binance.USHere is the address:BAM Trading Services Inc.611 Cowper Street #400Palo Alto CA 94301All of us who have lost our funds to binance locking our accounts, please go to binance office in Palo Alto California, and contact the Palo Alto District Attorney office right away.

Not very happy with the service but also not terrible

Binance is doing great for my needs. I don't know why so many bad reviews when its the largest exchange right now. I am using it to invest and receive my profits from LunarYields and its been excellent.

Great site have been using for years now.

i had to cry out to  for help, i believed binance should be a trusted platform ,account got locked without any prior notice or information.im still confused right now.binance is the best and i hope the system adjust to keep them at the top.

I have used Binance for years, Today I had my account Banned/restricted for literally no reason, when I asked support what the issue was I was offered no explanation other than the usual "we can terminate your account at anytime" Seems as if I wasn't losing money on their platform so they don't want me to use it. This is just further evidence they are not to be trusted, loyal customer of years and they just do this to me like it's nothing. STAY AWAY.

I using binance app already 2 years，25Dec 2022is my back experience，binance sent me TAC by SMS，talk about my app already expired need change password，i try to log in my binance account after try can't log in , after 2 days i try change password and log in my binance account inside all the usdt already get hack，i try complain binance support team call me report police。。。no safe for this binance app

They can do better but for sure they are the best out there.

Do not join or you will be risking not ever getting your money back!I wanted to withdraw my money to my bank account that I invested a year ago and they make it practically impossible by asking for lots of random verifications even though my account had already been verified.... the website is difficult to navigate in general.........will NEVER be using this nightmare of an app again!!!!!!

THey tell me I can't take my money out because it is not available in my country. The Netherlands... THey say it can't be done and there are no other options. But that simply is false luckily as I found out. Other platforms have no problem with withdrawal. SO they basically lied straight to my face about a financial service.

The site is bad, nothing works.

At first I thought the app was really cool and very easy to use.. my problem is I cannot withdraw my money from biance back to my bank account. I keep getting this message that says " you temporarily can't withdraw these recently deposited funds and assets bought with these funds. You can review the length of this restriction in your deposit's transaction details "Well I have looked everywhere for this. I've tried troubleshooting to find this. I've even asked the internet to show me. Turns out it's nowhere to be found.. so now I have funds in an app that I can't get back. So really what's the point in buying anything from these people if you can't even get back a fraction of what you've put in. I've given this 5 days now. And am reverting to writing this review so other don't make the same mistake I did

I think trustpilot is the scam here. Because binance is the no.1 international trading platform..with experienced customer service. Yet so many bad reviews. Binance is 100% safe and legit. Don’t be fooled by the comments and reviews

Great app and very easy to use. Heres my review:For beginners: 10/10Futures Trading: 9,5/10Spot Trading: 10/10Binance Card: 10/10Customer Support: i havent usedEasy to use: 10/10

I have read a lot of reviews about people saying it is difficult to withdraw money, and this is absolutely the case. After the first time I withdrew money, they locked my account. I had username, password, recovery email, recovery phone number. No good. So they make you record videos showing different forms of identification, reading a whole script, saying where you are, where you are traveling, what browser you use, and still my account is locked. It is like a bad joke. Unless you want to be a victim of the next FTX, stay away from this company.

* There was no option for UNSOLVED button.   Could someone from the customer support team   call my mobile asap. Thank you 09/01/2022*I highly appreciate your reply AG but all I want you to do right now is to refund back my money. I already lodged a dispute from my bank. Thank you I was SCAMMED!!!In my case, May 13,2022 A Representative called me and encourage me to pay $AUD290.19 billed me with this account name DEBIT CARD PURCHASE FOREFRONT CAPITAL LONDON GBR GBP 163.00 incl. Foreign Transaction Fee AUD $8.70 thru phone and "yada yada promises" then the so called Sales Manager called me and ask me to sign up from the site and assist me to sign up for my account. At first he showed me where my money in the link and then he promise to call me back to give further assistance on how to utilize the account. But been waiting for hours, then days and then totally no more call from him anymore. I tried to send messages to BINANCE customer support and requested a call back and assistance but no one respond. Furthermore, I even requested for a refund till now I haven't received yet. Because it's not worth it! So, so anyone from this day forward attempts to join, I strongly advise, DONT! Absolutely unprofessional and affirmatively a SCAM!!!Note: Investigation still going. Foreseeable escalation on TV NEWS if they don't give me back my money!!!!!

I have been using this exchange for almost 5 years, the best exchange for trading with crypto assets.

i dont understand why so many bad reviews. one of the best wallets.

how so many bad reviews i have used for 2 years about and no issue at all . been able withdraw no issue each time. i have been holding shorts for 6 months literally 0 issue as well.

I've been trying to change the email associated with my account for almost two weeks now. Until that gets changed I am unable to withdraw any of my crypto assets. This has been one of the worst customer service experiences! I would highly recommend using Coinbase or Kraken for better customer service. If I am unable to withdraw my money then that is basically akin to theft!

can't withdraw 600 pounds eventhough they took my money from the same card, they havent really helped through their poor customer service and i feel my money is now lost for ever

They are good , but their futures or horrible :)

I would give it zero but had to give it 1. TOTAL CON, DO NOT GO THERE.Absolutely awful, a total con, do not do it. Very easy to deposit money from your bank to buy various cryptocurrencies. Impossible to withdraw the money back out. You need to know things like the "network name" and the "crypto address" to send your money to. It is all very complicated and I don't have a clue about any of this. It's impossible to find out. There is no customer service. Impossible to phone or email them to find out how to get your money. The "Live Chat" is just a list of FAQs that do not actually answer your question. Tutorial videos just go way over my head. I just thought it would be a case of putting my card details in and clicking "withdraw now", how wrong I was. Luckily I only invested £45, but that is now lost forever it would seem. The company have the pretence of being an ethical company and responding to concerns etc, but the reality is that it is extremely crooked.

Have crypto ther  but cant  do anything because i had to re-verify for some reason.Getting out of that garbage site as soon as i can. Annoying website to maneuver  in.

Thief company I got scammed from someone and im providing them with evidence and they said they cannot do anything and they are blaming me and locked my account with my funds in it,terrible experience ,there are plenty of trading platform that are better than this.

It fanatics, I love it

The will block your account when it s benefit them. Sent all verification papers and they take over 5 weeks which is completely crazy

Stay Away, have been trying to withdraw my funds and after 5 days it still shows as processing. Cannot do anything and cannot contact anyone.

An elaborate illuminati scam out to rob everyone with crypto ponzi and scams Everything is a farce about crypto. They want you to believe it's anonymous, unregulated, decentralised hell no you are sending your money to a one way pond ...

The company took one week of my time speaking with them and their customers support. And before I even use my account. I got suspended( IMAGINE I DIDN'T EVEN USE THE ACCOUNT). I request for clarification and solution in a kind manner they did not offer any .they basically can trash your account whenever they want without even explaining anything to you and don't care about you .  Worse customer support. Never seen customer support cause you more problem instead of solving. Such a joke .

Trading with binance has always been an awful experience , their trading fees are very high and it makes me lose money

I have been using Binance for sometime and everything was working great, until I was a victim of an elaborated scam for a lot of money using his P2P service.Basically some user made an offer in one of my advertisments and canceled inmediately, but in my payment method my telephone number was written.I got contacted after sometime by whatsapp by a guy in venezuela named"Ramon Rangel" he said he wanted to buy my crypto and in order to do so we should use binance so both of us will be safe.He said I had to make an offer on a specific advertisment by an user and that I had to copy paste a name and a number given by him, that this person was his friend and he will inmediately know what to do, I did as he said.Not even 3 minutes passed and i realized that the counterpart deposited the money to the number I gave to him, suddenly I understood  that I gave a bank account of a third party in the chatbox, however i never specified that the funds had to be transfered there.At the beginning I thought everything was going to be alright because I never said any keyword like "deposit in this account", "send money here" or something similar, the payment method of the order was displaying my real name and my real account.I opened an appeal and I lost it, binance kept asking for "evidence" that I did not have, "please show us a video accessing the account where the buyer deposited you and that you didnt receive any payment"I told them many times that I could not access that account that it was not mine but they kept asking a video of me accesing that account.I did everything that was in my hands to provide further information, I wrote letter, sent a video of me explaining the situation and they kept asking for the same video.I lost all my funds, binance decided to release them to the buyer.I do not know if the buyer was colluded with this person that contacted me, maybe he was, maybe notI thought my funds were safe with Binace, I never released funds before checking my bank account and never accepted payments of a third party.I was a proxy in an elaborated scam where the scammer told me to offer in an advertisment and I copied and pasted a number and a name that never matched the original payment method.Binance gave all the support to the buyer, I got ripped off, they never read or listened my case, even when I told them that the buyer deposited in an account that didnt even match the one in the purchase.All the "advises" that binance gave were generic and useless at this moment:1 - Please dont share your telephone number in your payment methods (which is stupid because my payment method requests a telephone number)2 - Please dont share third party accounts (I didnt even realized I was sharing a third party account)3 - Please show us the video evidence of your account not having the money (How am i supposed to show them if it was not my account?)4 - Please notify the police in your region (Cmon guys I was scammed by someone from another country)It even sounds stupid: I lost all my funds because I copied and pasted a name and a number in the chatbox without specifying anything else, buyer recklessly deposited instead of asking for confirmation or even realizing that the names in the payment method and the chatbox didnt even match.Lessons learned:- Crypto world is a cesspool full of scammers-  Binance support team is crap, generic answer, no telephone to call, a lot of time to review cases, dont even try to provide arguments to them, they will keep asking for the same over and over again.- Binance owns your funds and they decide what to do with them, they say that they are not responsible for user transactions in P2P, however they are judges during an appel.- Once their CS team decides what to do with your money, you cannot do anything anymore, nobody to write or to complain, impossible to make a demand.Binance is acting like "bank" but without wanting to be a bank, they are actually worst than a bank, I have never seen a bank giving funds to someone that deposited to a wrong account, binance however can do it.Do you really want to keep your hard earned money in a place like this? a place where you cannot demand, where you cannot call, where they give generic answers with a bot?I think crypto has a lot of future ahead but not in the hands of the exchanges that exists now.I do hope for future regulations someday.

I support the honest people who didn't have good experience with this, for if that company was good it wouldn't let that critics happen

IMPOSSIBLE TO CONTACT FOR ASSISTANCE WITH THEIR SYSTEM.Call centre ALWAYS busy - with complaints? and NO other avenue to try.Obvious display of unwillingness or inability to assist clients using them so take heed of this warning and steer clear!

advantages :Low trading fees.The safest crypto platform in the world.Offers more than 180 cryptocurrencies.Available worldwideProvides a built-in wallet to store coins.Offers a variety of choicesDeficiency :Credit card and debit card transaction fees are around 2% per transaction.Unresponsive customer support.Can't be reached by phone.

Binance is the worst of them all. Their algorithim is meant to make you lose money no matter how you trade. A bunch of thieves in suits.

New customer just trying to give them my hard earned money but both of my uk banks failed with a small trial run. They don't tell you why or what to do. They lost a lot of business today. Their provider, Skrill, is using a very aggressive NYC algo that needs addressing. had much better service with Kraken. Complete waste of time, which was considerable.Update due 1st response from Binance 13/12/2022:Ha! Ha! You have to be joking! You have taken a whole month to respond and the best you can do is invite me to repeat an exercise that took two weeks of complete frustration from my end and with no help from your end. As your colleague eventually admitted to me a month ago "I'd have done the same in your position/situation". I have taken the business elsewhere as I no longer trust your operation nor consider it capable. Goodbye.

Worst service i ever had. Got scammed for 30$ on p2p and guess what. I contacted binance and they disabled my p2p.

Fraud fraud one word fraud.If you want to get ripped (f) off then invest in binance.I got ripped off (f)

It’s been 17 days Binance hasn’t resolved my p2p orderno:20416760421885231104 appeal yet, paxful do resolve disputes within a day, i feel so dissatisfied.

Minus 5 stars actually! The day that market crash and the time for you to buy some cryptos, they ask you to verification your address and documents🤔 . Then reviewing your documents takes up to 10 days 😤. You can’t buy or sell until 10 days?? Worthless!!!!!!🤮🤮🤮🤮 been waiting long time for this day to buy😡.  Run fro Binance!!!!👎👎👎👎👎

BINANCE is the BEST i can ALWAYS say it AGAIN & AGAIN.  VERY SECURITY cautions. NO one can ever steal your MONEY in BINANCE, unless you stupidly give it out foolishly 🤷🏽‍♂️

OMG! Please, stay away from this company, it will save you lots of money and you will avoid lots of stress, anxiety, frustration, and desperation. Additionally, no manager or duty NEVER, worst customer service. COMPLETE SCAM. Just read all the other bad reviews, pretty much the same situation here.

This application is a pain in the a×× , it was super long to get verified, they ask you more information than a bank to get verified, after 1 week going through the verification process I try to buy cryptos and I get another round of verification not being able to do anything on my account, they sell decentralized money but are worst than a bank, their process is the worst ever I don't recommend at all I wasted almost 2 weeks trying to buy cryptos on Binance, I'm going to tell all my friends to transfer their crypto to another platform, if it's this way after few steps on Binance how will it be if I need ti transfer my cryptos quickly? We are getting tired of "well known application" that sucks and are just a giant scam, what the hell you need my adress for ? What the you need personnal documents for ? You got my ID, my picture, my informations, what else those people want, those stupid people launch applications without understanding the standards of the business they promote. I don't recommend at all 👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽

Binance is best exchange low fee and wide variety of tools.

a cool company that helped me invest in cryptocurrency reliably and without much trouble.

Poor company....very terrible support team, no realistic.... everything is robotic...pls be aware .,.of scams

I feel very distressed and cheated, all because no one took action immediately and practice their duty of care, therefore I only request what I believe to be rightfully mine, as all institutions were more than negligent in handling the complaints. I comprehensively provided explanations and proof to my claim, even so, Binance never acknowledge my complaint; therefore, I have approached you Openware as Binance is your project, and your affiliated company and I would like to receive your assistance on this matter.By not answering any of my complaints I am led to believe that Binance is cooperating with the people who scammed me. Because I can’t find any other explanation why your affiliate company wouldn’t provide assistance to a victim of such a hideous crime. Especially since I provided enough evidence proving that my crypto currency ended up on Binance platform with all relevant transaction hashes and wallet addresses.

Binance is a Academic platform verified very easy and trusted crypto Exchange and Trade full sported 24h 👍

this BINANCE thing is just a pain (anywhere you want), aspirin required. Log in, told me wrong password. Sent me link to re-set password, made a new password, log in, told me "wrong password".Created another account with another email, started verification, sent selfie, sent passport pix, got a reply "we cannot proceed, you have another account".Please guys, erase ALL my accounts with Binance and let me think of something more useful.Good bye forever !

After 5yrs of service...Yesterday I received a message that my account was being terminated as it was flagged by a third-party compliance tool. When I asked who this third-party is or what terms where violated they refused to say anything more then this. I had to get my funds off. Luckily I was in time to do this, but I couldn't do any trades to swap to btc. Resulting in losing a whole afternoon in single handed withdrawing all my coins to another exchange.  This is nothing short of outrageous, unprofessional behavior the likes of which I have never experienced in a corporate setting before.

Advise to anyone…. You want to get scammed and loose all your money?? Then sign up to these guys, they will pull your trousers right down to your ankles and ram an ice cube up your back end!! STAY AWAY TOTAL SCAMMERS

Terrible support. Pls improve!!! You guys can do better. It was not easy figuring my loss.

Am a beginner in trading and choose Binance for my 1st try. I Deposit money to the walled ons Saterdag, it's Monday and the money still does not reflect in my wallet.

Only 3 months to get my funds out. Just surpised they didnt want the see my inside leg measurements too.Wasn't a lot but bad experience.

I've been using binance for 1.5 years and every deposit has arrived within one hour. My latest deposit was 36 hours with explanation when asked. The funny thing about this was the markets were going up at this time, the sly shower of greedy people in binance used my money to gain a profit. I sent through instant sepa so it arrived at there bank. This out of the norm did screw my plans up on the withdrawal of moneys deposited. I wanted to withdraw some of it before the weekend but I've to wait until after the weekend now. Crowd of sly greedy people this platform should shut down.

Binance is the Best crypto exchange,wallat,bank im usingEnyone can learn trading from acadamy of binance Any type of crypto trade, saving, staking (like FD) can do in binance.

The worst platform ever. 😪 Bybit is much better than this scam

TERRIBLE...........I was forwarded to 4 different ares where I needed to provide the same information each time...the cashback from their card is totally scam and misleading.I spent 5k EUR each month and got 0,1% back, even though they say clearly everywhere that you get 3%...the customer support just keeps you going in circles with no actual solution, telling me to wait and wait and never solve the issue...really upsetting

Great fees but completely trash otherwise... Their support are robots, use only if you need nothing and don't have any issues. I also couldn't make it work with any other tax calculator than Cointracking.

Having been told I have 87k in my Binance account I have now been told that I have to give them 10% of the £87k from my bank account or credit card for their commission before I can take any money from my Binance account. Surely commission should taken from source?  Is this normal? Has anyone else been asked this?

Terrible customer service, difficult to use, difficult to log in, difficult to withdraw funds. Generally incredibly disappointing

Terrible customer service team, not only they are illiterate in their responses but they don't listen to the problem and didn't even try to provide a simple solution. For a so-called biggest exchange they need to up their game or people will drop out, I know I will as I am sick and tired of their support team.

ABSOLUTE UTTER RUBBISH----- they want you to sign up to get your tax returns has made doing tran history check so difficult made the mistake of not keeping monthly records suffering to get a proper statement.... rubbish through and through

I have been customer since 5 years and now as I want to withdraw my funds they block me with the pretext of "checking my identity". Basically they are stealing money from people. It is outrageous that this scammers still operate. They should be all put in prison.

just trying to link your card is the worst experience ever holy you need to know some like hacker binary code of your bank just to buy something online

Undoubtedly, the best exchange and top-notch security, this page must be cleared of spam reviews.

It is by far the best exchange. Customer service is very responsive on time. Trades can be made automatically through its nice API. P2P is easily to use

I love their crypto card but some times the fees are high. otherwise, I don't have any bad experience with them so yeah, 5 stars from me

I bought some crypto currency only to find that withdrawals of that currency were suspended. I waited 2 days and still suspended. I withdrew my fiat currency back out.So I've paid for a trade and the withdrawal for nothing.

a very rotten application for unilateral decision making, hopefully the application will be destroyed quickly

The best crypto exchange, been using for 2 years and continuously improving.P2P trading is the best addition to this platform.

Binance is a total scam. I bought some Ethereum with my Mastercard but then was unable to sell Ethereum by withdrawing it to my Mastercard. They collected  all my personal information, are violating the GDPR and if I would like to delete my account including all personal information I would need to provide a screenshot of my Computer Setup. This Chinese company is by far the worst I have ever experienced and I really do love crypto but I recommand everyone to avoid this scam company. Binance is total crap! They even refused deleting my account data violating any privacy policy of the world. Latest news: they even paid Cristiano Ronaldo to make advertisements for this scam of a company flagging my review for advertising. Stupid fools.

Dreadful company. I deposited £5000 from my bank account and they said they had returned it for reasons they wouldn't explain. However, they hadn't returned it! They then held it for over a month and kept asking for more and more information to verify my bank details for them to return it. It was the same account from which I had sent it and several items of evidence they requested on multiple occasions. Communicating with them is a nightmare, they are very unresponsive, slow and robotic in their answers. Will never use them or recommend them again.

I am shocked why this company have just 2 start. I am using this platform since 2 years and never face any issue. I really love to trade and hold my crypto here securely. Thanks

They really listened to the Tera Luna Classic community & followed through! What an amazing company!

Binance is nothing more than a glorified bank with subpar services. It has been extremely difficult to use their app.

This company should not be aloud to operate I was scammed out of £7000 with the money ending up in Binance from a Wise account and has disappeared.I have tried to contact Binance with no success so Starr clear .The law cannot touch them as they’re Crypto

Binance is a froud app because this app supports trust wallet  and bnbmining.ltd.  trust wallet This pepole chet me with 525 usdt. This pepole tell us deposit  min 10 usdt minimum  after that they tell us add amount the give peofit  8 to 10 days then they freeze our amount  there  customer care representative tell us deposit  some amount  the will release  our amount after depositing  amount  they freeze  that amount  and every  one stop takling  us. They chat with us +44 country  code number or telegram. I request  to all please 🙏  call or whatsup

After looking at my spam/junk mail folder I spotted an email from binance, I’ve never dealt with this company, never invested so getting an unsolicited email telling me I cannot get my funds as they are seized by a fake company rings huge alarm bells, personally I’d say do not open emails from them, do not invest unless you are willing to lose your investment, it screams scam scam scam.

Simply awful. why do I need to find out from the Guardian on Friday 7 October 2022 that "Binance, the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, may have lost half a billion dollars after a hack of its network." - wow! would an honest, trustworthy and transparent company not inform its users immediately that they have been hacked?? no, nothing, only communication from them that I can do a task and get $5 or so if I buy more crypto, ouch! Terrible. Also I had a problem with them trying to deposit money via bank transfer (I could only transfer via card... guess what... they obviously charged me commission for that, bank transfer would have been free), the guy from the "helpdesk" kept , like a stuck record, saying "I apologize for all the inconvenience caused" but did not address let alone solve my problem :(  would have been nice for example to refund the excess card fees that Binance charged. Now, if I want to close my account I need to go through helpdesk and submit all my ID documents, really?? Stay away from Binance for your own sanity!- update 14 December after their response (took them long time to respond, 2 months, wow!)regarding the Binance hack - it was reported among others by Forbes, NBC, CBC, Investopedia, Fortune, Reuters and many others etc... so these sources all just made it up?? - so you felt no need to contact your customers to clarify the situation?  you constantly seem to be able to contact me about "bonus tasks" wanting me to deposit with you... so why could you not clarify what happened? very very poor communication!!re the issue of deposits. Binance ONLY (as I had mentioned before) gave me the option of depositing via card so they could then get additional fees off me. the Bank transfer route was blocked... I wonder why that is... perhaps that has to do with greed??And regarding closure of account - I ONLY repeated what your helpdesk told me! The "option" you mentioned was not mentioned to me.so if I could I would give you 0 Stars!

Frankly, I am very happy with them, tons of coins to trade, good interface, fast deposits

Please don't trust this company they are scammers ,when I asked to make a withdrawal on there red finance platform of all my money of 6,000 of my own money and 10.000 in loans I had a phone call from Lucy Marie bank saying I had to put into the wise bank another 8,000 pounds to get my money back and when I said I haven't got anymore to give she said it will go to archives account where I will never see it again ,when I asked to speak to the management she put the phone down on me ...I have informed the police and given them all the info .this all started in September and I finished it today .

easy to buy crypto, low fees and a lot of crypto coins

Ridiculous address verification system, I spent more than an hour with the costumer service trying to verify my residential address and we couldn't do it, it's unbelievable that you can't do and enter the verification manually. And the documents were state-owned... change the verification system....

biggest scam company ever.  When you live in the Netherlands you are not able to get your Money back.  Do not use this criminal organisation!!They only need your identification DATA, I wonder why??

Suddenly lost access to my account. No wayt o contact Binance

Our Binance User ID is 161095212 – after being verified and KYC and trading for 1 year without any issues, on 22 Sep 2022 Binance locked us out of our account and is in possession of all our spot account assets without any explanation or warning.Our lawyer emailed to corporate office at binance with request to release our assets and explain the reason. Till today we still have not received any answer or funds. Binance is operated by InvestByBit Pty Ltd (ABN 98 621 652 579) in Australia, which is registered with AUSTRAC. It must comply with local regulatory standards much like any other crypto exchange operating in Australia and obviously they don’t.Travers Leigh (CEO Binance AU) posted on twitter CZ the CEO of Binance confirming that they are financial service provider in NZ and same is here in Australia.We believed we been dealing with the best and most secure Crypto exchange until we got locked out also please google scambinance and you will be shocked what you will find.

Binance refuses to send me back my money. After having talked to three people, they still retain my funds. I can't close the account unless I send them my passport and videos of my face. They behave like thugs and blackmail their clients. Someone should start a class action...

Binance has been holding my assets hostage for over a month “due to risk management”. I have provided Binance with plethora of information, but they have not released my assets

Manipulation and poor service, kyle james advisory at proton.me, helped me navigate via online correspondence

I totally don't trust this platform. I've been using it before with quite some doubts. And when they imposed this obligatory KYC with selfies holding your docs, scans, proof of residence and lately with a video where you have to turn your head according to their instructions... Wow! Who the hell are you? You want a lot of details about me, but we know nothing about you! What is the legal entity behind you, what commercial register number it has, who is the owner, where is your license... Luckily I had a very little deposit with them and now it's locked, but I don't care, I'm not going to give them any data about me. At least until they went white themselves. People wake up! Who are you dealing with?

Whilst initially the binance system is incredibly powerful and very fun to use, the security is not worth the investment of money or time due to the volitility of your account being blocked/locked. At the beginning of a crash in the markets last year, i attemped to move some coins around and found my account was frozen and therefore I couldnt do anything. After a few weeks of messaging I was told that i was a high risk client and therefore my account was locked - unable to do anything, during this time all of the coins i owned dropped by 60-70% (and have stayed there ever since), its now pointless to move the coins. Coincidence or not, i will never know.  There was no explanation why i was a high risk client. My money is still with them. Although all of the coins are now worth nothing. I feel robbed.

I have been using Binance since 2021. I am fully satisfied with the service. The only issue I am facing is that it sometimes logs out on its own and I have to enter the login details again. Needs improvement

Experience was good, App is very secure and user friendly than other wallets. I am Using this app from a long time and it is working fine.

19.09 i made a transfer to Binance but they blocked my money because i am a "high risk client". I told to them to make refund, they answered "it takes 1-3 working days". Today is 3.10 and i dont have my money back! 7200 euro they just steal them. Every day i contacting with support and only one answer: "we doing all our best, wait 12-24hours". I don't know where is my money, no info about this, only copy and paste of the same messages!!!! They are SCAMERS!!!! Don't trust them!!!!!!!!!

I fight all the time with the company, the worst crypto exchange I know, let it be the biggest, but it won't last long with this kind of activity,

Impossible to use site to understand markets and make investment decisions. Even just buying crypto is complicated.Been contacted by Binance asking me to use chatbot but that's impossible to locate on app nor is it possible to communicate otherwise with Binance.Bot then handed over to a human being who was unable to help. Kept asking me to wait another 4 minutes while colleagues were looking into it with no progress in 35 minutes.

Manipulation and poor service. Cannot believe this one of the biggest exchanges, there is a lot of work to do.

Big exchange but scamCZ scam team

Really good platform, with low fees, easy trade, future trading for experts!

My coin LUNC withdrawal was suspended, when it came back live there was a 102000 network fee (circa $25). I paid it to get my coins off of the platform because I could not trust that they would not suspend LUNC coin withdrawals again. Within 1 week they have reduced the network fee to 2 LUNC (a fraction of a cent), stating that it was an "error". I have lodged a complaint with their customer service team and have been told they are not prepared to refund the extra coins they took. I feel scammed, there was no mention of an increase of network fee when I bought the coins and that coin withdrawal will be suspended. If they can do this with LUNC, Binance can do it with any crypto currency. More regulation is needed

I do not understand why some people spread hate about this exchange. come on guys this the biggest crypto exchange in the world. I have been using the services for more than 2 years now. I have made a lot through referral program. However I dont recommend it for futures it seems a little scammy in liguidations.

I understand that binance has been getting criticism from the last few weeks from the LUNC community ( I'm a part of that community) though I want my way to go with the burns I also understand that binance is a business. I do believe the accommodation that CZ has given us is fair and much appreciated thank you. though as a LUNC holder of course I want more.

Cz is an amazing ceo of binance - I will be forever grateful for him for what he has done for our lunc community!

good platform for buying and selling cryptocurrencies

It is not possible to withdraw money. I recommend not to wast your time and money in Binance.

I've been using Binance with no problems until now. Besides the high comissions on some operations and privacy invasion with the security questions, all was good until this unexplained situation that seems theft until explained.I transfer 29,000,000XEC, about 1,163.34 USDT, to my binance address and its didn't arrive. Every information was correct, the xec address and the bsc network, on bscscan was successfull with 1500 confirmations aprox.I try to use the support service to check on this, and they are charging 500BUSD to return the amount to other address. They explain what they did, the same as i did and charge 500 for a Simple verification and they didn't explain what was the problem! If i did something wrong i would consider paying for the help, but i'm not paying because aparently everything was right from my side.I try to use the chat, but os unavailable to a regular user! This was the first transaction that went bad, of many transactions ok.Hope binance contact me to solve this and explain to me What is the issue with my transaction so i remove my bad review.

Binance is abusing its power and is in the hands of whales. Does not let you withdraw or charges excessively high fees for withdrawals. Whats more: The binance founder just promotes the interests of the whales which means that retail investors lose. So if you are a retail investor you gonna lose on binance. He does not care about the community at all. But he would never admit this. Stay away from binance! There are much better exchanges, eg mexc, kucoin etc you name it.

Why all the hate ? They guys are changing the world with their work

scam app that's it

Needed to refresh my Binance experience, been very satisfied after a bad experience, support has been very helpful even for me as a small trader, kudos for support, thank you

centralized exchange in hands of whales, shame for cryptocommunity bad service, avoid, they take your money

Scam Exchange. Don't Believe cz

Fake platform, I would have lost more than 12000$ to this web, so it wasn’t my quick settings, that got me out from this fake company. Stay clear guys.

Don’t bother with a dishonest company. If they can’t stay true to their word, would you trust your money with them? I wouldn’t.

Cz binance dumbing Community driven LunC ,

CZ is a SCAMMER

Binance is working with the wishes of its user-base and is implementing aburn tax on LUNAC. Thanks Binance

Dishonest and Not Trustworthy.Doesn’t keep it’s words. Greed of CZ_binance

CZ is not implementing the 1.2% tax on $Lunc, instead he is trying to gain a monopoly.

Puck you cz your so huge liar you have no one words to say 🖕liar liar liar liar liar your not a man

They don’t care about trader at all just don’t forget who pays your bill!!!

Binance Backed Off from their words!! Don't trust them.

Dishonest and not Trustworthy Doesn’t keep it’s words and doesn’t do what best for it’s users and the community. AVOID

CZ took money from Lunc and did nothing  at last one month burnin likr other exchanges did.

Mr CZ lying on customers and very Greed

Puck you cz your so huge liar you have no one words to say 🖕liar liar liar liar liar your not a man

Update: CZ is a man of his words. Thank you for implementing the proposal as voted!

Binance MANIPULATING LUNC COMMUNITY BINANCE MANIPULATING LUNC COMMUNITY BINANCE MANIPULATING LUNC COMMUNITYBINANCE MANIPULATING  LUNC COMMUNITY BINANCE MANIPULATING LUNC COMMUNITY

Binance Cz is a liar and also greedy person. In luna crush many Ppl's lost their life and its time to rebuild for the luna classic but this greedy person stepped back from community. Now he always be remembered that about the LUNC COMMUNITY 🖕

Even though i traded about 0.8 btc in like 4 months It's done binance. Will use another who respect themselves.Update : binance solved the issue i had thanks you guys, changed the rating to 5 stars ♥️

Binance is working against the wishes of its user-base and is unjustifiably not implementing a 1.2% burn tax which was proposed by the LUNC community as a whole.

The owner of Binance said that he would respect the communities decision for luna classic burns, however, he did not go through with it. Move your lunc to other exchanges that support the burn such as MEXC.

Binance name must be renamed to "Binance Casino". They are watching traders positions and moving market against them.

The owner of Binance said that he would respect the communities decision for luna classic burns, however, he did not go through with it. Move your lunc to other exchanges that support the burn such as MEXC.

Crypto Manupulator. Should be banned

They are market manipulator. Tried to play with price of Lunc

Lies and manipulation of traders, they not support community. Don't trust them sneaky marketing far away from the truth. If you not believe, watch news about Luna Classic burn. They've blocked deposits and withdrawals while so many peoples want to leave them. #BoycottBinance

Greedy man lunc will always win

manipulates the prices of their spot token in order to liquidate and control futures, this site is quite simply an unregulated casino which under the guise of being called exchange theft people !

Scam. Disabled transfering and increased network fee about 15000x after giving bad news to manipulate the market. And all the lies.... cant recommend.

Sad to see that organisations like Binance are manipulating their community in order to make personal benefits.When they know they will uspset their users, they block withdrawals or put very high very high withdrawal fees that held us hostage.

LUNC withdrawal 102,000 lol Bad move cz

Number one ☝🏻🔥

Best exchange of the world. Very user friendly. Safe, secure and easy to use...

They don't stand by their words and are untrustworthy.

No respect for the Lunc community. Byenance.Edit: Since CZ listened to our community here is the 5 stars

SCAM, LUNC SITUATION DISCGRACEFUL

They say they care about their customers but it’s all a money grabbing platform. Getting richer and richer while smiling and waving.

Binance resolved my problem, I revoke my previous statement, they are trustworthy

Hidden fees, borderline extortionate. Only on withdrawal!

High fees, the platform is good, but they charge too much to withdraw crypto

Money to money buy and sell full trust me ex exchange money all most people perfect good enjoy binance wallet good security secure binance

Cz stands by his word! #lunc

Horrible app experience. Very slow, constantly down, will not let you change password, super annoying. These are trivial issues and they are not able to fix it. Very stupid. They are also constantly suspending withdrawals for no apparent reason. Worst people to work with.

Best customer service and cash back with kylejames at kjrealtyadvis0rs. Cmo

It's borderline racist and tedious to sign up, then they make you jump through 1 million hoops proving you are who you say you are just to let you delete your account. Imagine entering a store, and then being held hostage by the store owner?!

I locked my account because of a spam email I received from Binance.  I tried to reopen it and they treated me like I was a thief.  I closed the account today and will NEVER use them againKim Fleck

For a centralised exchange, Not bad.

The easiness of buying/selling crypto assets, at the same time the wide variety of tokens. Also the possibility of staking in the same platform. Finally, BSC fees are really good when it comes to transferring money from one account to another. Also, I used for the first time the wallet transfer which works between finance accounts of different individuals as a sort of quick transfer without fees, really liked it to pay to friends.best exchange world no 1 😍

Binance is a reliable place to buy and sell cryptocurrency, trading Crypto, exchange Crypto, buy, sell and trade crypto easily.Their customer servise is very good and friendly.i highly reccomended this site for crypto users.

Binance won't review this platform so this is just a warning to the punters out there. I've just received the following:"Verification UnsuccessfulSorry, you did not pass the review process......"I tried to deregister after having an immense problem getting my money back. And now they tell me the verification was unsuccessful. I didn't ask for verification. I asked for Binance to remove my personal information which must not kept for any longer than they have a lawful purpose for doing so. There is no lawful reason and this was 6 months ago...yeah, that was a quick response.I wouldn't invest one more penny with them. Incompetent, unhelpful and just useless in every possible way. The regulator should shut them down,

Can't withdraw funds if you're in the US... So what happens if you're on holiday or there with work? You're screwed if you want your money, that's what!

Better than FTX overall. Stable app and better notifications for sure.

Binance is the best exchange I have used so far, but they should work on their trading view, sometimes after marking my charts,it clears on its own, making it difficult for me to trade the same pair next time

Worst experience of my life. Don't trust them

No idea where they got my details from. They said I had deposited £200 with them which I hadn't. When asked the date I deposited the money they said 1948...I've asked for them to remove me from their database which they're clearly not doing as I get phoned every day.

The app and the site can be very confusing, but the support is very polite and patient. Helped me a lot.

I've got following letter, here is a part of it:"This is to inform you that your account has been flagged by a third-party compliance tool and we have taken a tough decision to terminate the service."No explanation why, not possible to contact support after that.I've never done anything illegal, just used service for exchange several times.Use binance only if you ready to lose all your money.

Have been with Binance for just over a month. It is an expansive site, with many features complete with explanations. Plenty of tutorials on line and within the site. Information on markets is very good. Where I have been exploring new altcoins, I get advise pop-ups which are helpful.

Won't let me delete my unverified account, instead keeps sending spam emails to verify it.

I use binance for about 3 years and it is the best exchange with most possibilities and almost lowest fees. So 100% recommend them.

Never had issues with Binance. One of few places I can purchase BNB and BUSD to interact with the BSC for my DeFi investments and also currently where I get my BTC freelance money sent as they are doing 0% fees on spot trading for BTC/GBP

Regarding transactions they are pretty much ok. But their support is very poor regarding scam cases. I have been scammed via payments executed by their platform and they said in so many words they cannot do anything

It was very easy to use their service and create the account I like the mobile platform a lot

The worst crypo exchange I've ever TRIED to use! Run away and do NOT look back!!! Completely useless, overcomplicated and overregulated...

I might take or add a star in the future when i have tried everything you can do, but I have to say the registration and verification process was all done within like 3 hours on a saturday. Thats a great start in my book.

I had to change my review prior to Trustpilot.com review Guidelines.However I must say Binance is one of the best platform in the world in terms of trading cryptocurrencies. I join 2 year ago and since then I haven't had any issues with them.Great project 👍

I taught Binance where good at first with there fake 5 stars reviews, since last year. Not until I got scammed but hopefully i use my head on-time. If not I would have been scammed more.

Worse app ever, don’t put your money here it will be hostage,

is just not working , i keep loose money because of their facial scanning is simply not working

Definitely the worst place to buy Crypto. They allowed a lot of crypto ponzis to operate on their site like LUNA/TERRA and others, they promised 1 UST in exchange of 1 dollar and overnight you wake up and see that your 10,000 dollars are now worth 1 dollar. A complete Scam, I don't know how Changpeng Zhao or Do Kwon are still not in prison.

Binance offers exchanges with big liquidity, low fees and other awesome services. I will not lie about the bad side of the platform, they sometimes disable withdrawals for "technical issues" (which may be liquidity reasons), but for a short amount of time; unfortunately, they also require KYC and cooperate with the Spanish treasury. People judge it for things that should not do it, but it is not a secret that they do not offer much privacity.

Low trading fees. Lots of diffrent pairs to trade. Free debit card with cashback opportunities. Many idle earning offerings like flexible savings. Withdraws work with low fees aswell. Simple UI with advanced chart tools you can enable to your liking.The only thing that bothers me: When doing any action that requires an email otp code, you might have to resend this mail 10 times until it finally arrives, the SMS always arrives immidiatly. Can be annoying when a transaction has to be done quickly.

After 1 year of binance and lot of money lost on trading because of their scam sistem of trading which do not respect de SL and TP, they decided to close my account for NO REASON. Yes, you read well, they can't give me a REAL REASON why they are closing my account and they oblige me to move my assests to an external wallet. I have spend hours and hours talking with the suport and their answer was: ''I am not able to give you a reason but we are able to close your account if we want''. Now I waiting LUNA to be airdroped in....YES! My binance account which is closed! This is a totaly scam, not a serious and reputable company! I am gonna report them to INTERPOL and Europol and I recomand the same for all the people around here who are having problems with them.

Beware of Binance!!! How scammers make problems to fair customers with binance support. There is p2p exchange on binance where customers can exchange certain types of assets with different payment methods. There are certain rules to prevent scam. One of them is neither  to  send nor to accept payments from third party, until it was not agreed between traders. Three weeks ago someone from a girl's name account went into deal with me and send money from third party account within the same bank, so I can not see senders iban and there is no "send back' button. I needed cash to pay bills, not for entertaining of the counterpart, and spent it paid my bills. No I have my crypto on hold on binance for that deal. Binance p2p support ask me for the same amount in cash more to deposit to the bank and send to iban wich I can not see but "the sender" told me. They blocked the rest of my money on the account. Thus I did not do anything wrong but my money is blocked by binance!!!BEWARE of BINANCE!!![Binance] Your P2P Function Is SuspendedYour P2P function is temporarily suspended due to a dispute on your P2P order 20390595994392416256Please follow the steps below: Check the chatbox of this order to see if the counterpart has reached out to you regarding the payment for this orderPlease cooperate with the party to settle the issueOnce the issue is settled (the party has received a refund), please contact chat support and we will resume the withdrawal function for you. Thanks for your cooperation.

Probably the best centralised exchange in the world. User-friendly app, ability to withdraw crypto to almost every popular blockchain (a good alternative to cross-chain bridges), acceptable fees, P2P platform, and etc.

Please be kindly informed that your trading account has been terminated.You funds were successfully delivered to Tether Exchange.The total amount received from your trading account is 121895.17 USDTTo receive your withdrawal, contact Tether Exchange  with the following information:Name / Payout amount / Choose your payout method: USDT, USDC, BTC.Sincerely,Binance

So Binance is not a bad company but why their coin BNB is getting down and down again.? IS these going to scam ?

UPDATE Since my review last week;                          Binance continually sending SMS to return to their ID process for help. Stupidly I did try a few more times (all failed) until miraculously they allowed me access to CHAT! Or should I say unfortunately because I fell into their other "ground hog day" experience ! Their support team ( think humans after a lobotomy) that ask you to wait while they look into the problem then return to say "try again" (same as ID app coded words). I am thinking WOW , probs, a human sounding robot!  Anyway I then explained everything that has happened, and the..., I do not know, human/robot/AI humanoid states "wait I will review what happened and talk with a specialist" Return and say "try again" . When you ask what is wrong they say "oh we are not allowed to tell you" . OMG they are in the wrong business, the Crypto world is about a new system better than centralized authoritarian control where many remain unbanked. But they are built upon software conditions that all require all new customers to submit to our control or we will block you out!

I wish I could give them a zero star, as they actually done nothing through there service for me.They have a different services and offers for different countries. Ok Binance can you tell me; Is NOT CITIZENSHIP DISCRIMINATION?? Avoid Binance and their customer service. Who can trust an exchange whom shares our private information to someone els????Do NOT register with them again.

Id verification is an utter joke, adding payment methods does not work... binance is a crypto exchange that does NOT allow you to buy or sell crypto!!

6.5 hours waiting for someone who promised was fixing was made to jump through hoops in reality done nothing other than waste my time ....There help team is no help whatsoever ... infact they seem to get off on been unhelpful

The verification process is a nightmare.I provided eID, my electronic ID which HAS my address information. The webpage was hanging for over 4 minutes. In the end somehow I kept receiving emails, that my verification process wasn't finished. The webpage kept hanging and redirecting me to do an Address verification, asking me to provide ALL kinds of personal bills, and receipts, none of which I have in my name. The page kept redirecting me to a verification process, without even letting me chat with support! I had to log out, and only then I was able to click on chat with support. It took good 30 minutes chatting with support to somehow solve it with my address from another country and my bills from another country. Ridiculous.If a government-issued electronic ID is not enough for a platform that is in the crypto world, maybe this platform shouldn't be in the crypto world?

Awful treatment by BINANCE. I am retired and a chronic pain sufferer. I have spent two hours on their help chat but I’m still unable to sort out their KYC requirements and was given no lawful reason. Nor can I reapply. Hopeless exchange. So if you’re elderly, AVOID BINANCE IF YOU VALUE YOUR SANITY!

I was contacted by a lady in the finance department and paid to reactivate my crypto wallet..once this was done I received a notification that I had to pay £4273 to the Swedish Tax Authority to release my funds…..why would I need to pay anything to Sweden …I am not a Swedish citizen ..this wallet is in my name…..must be a SCAM

Binance  is Ok if you don't have any issue but in case of any The support is dead. You get responses like this "Dear client, we understand your concern. We are working on your case and will respond to you as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience."the issue remain unattended for several month. I have a five months cases with similar responses. had been contacting them at least 3 times per month with same responses and nothing happens.the bad thing, withdrawal is restricted in my account. where do we appeal.

Awful verification procedure,  unable to take a photo as the system blurs every shot.  Customer service asks for samples over and over to no end as you have to do the verification in app so no reason to send them anything. I've heard good things, but didn't even make it past the first hurdle.

Till no i don’t have so big experience just join it i will give my opinion very soon

SO , Beaware  of whats called Binance especially if You are located in Middle East , they well not allow you to pull your money away or transffer Crypto to diffrent exchange , they will ask to verify identify again , and again and agian till you give up and lose your money , not to mention their high charges fee

Binance is big and is only getting bigger.but the essence of customer focus is being lost in the race to be #1.Just me 2 cents.Peace!

This support is not support For simple things u need weeks to find a solution

Would not use this company again....they are con artists and steal your money. Would not advice anyone to use this platform......stay clear. They stop you from accessing your money. Money grabbing so and so,s. DO NOT TRUST THEM

I've been involved in Crypto for a long time now. I have had a devastating experience with Coinbase which really made me think how much I appreciate Binance. At Binance, they actually have a support team that will help if required. Fiat deposit/withdrawals are really quick (first deposit was not instant though). Would be more pleasant if we could deposit/withdraw fiat for free though like Coinbase as £1 does seem a bit... offensive.Nonetheless I have great respect for Binance and CZ.

Been with Binance for few years to only realise they actually put up third party apps as markets with very few of them that actually scam Binancians for funds and share amount with binance. And binance response to that is that they are not responsible since it's a third party app thru their app!!! Also the few companys that do innitiate those scams have no phone contact support and their email and social media platform are nothing you would actually get any reply from. WATCH OUT for Binance guys..

I have used binance for 5 years up to date and my assets have been safe and also exchanged and kept safely. its just big up for them.

Good Service trading platform. i traded my USDT there and the expirence was one of it kind.

Not that easy

This company is really good and the largest exchange in the world by volume.

Been close to 3 years now I think and I have still not been able to pull out my money... They keep coming up with new excuses..Be warned if you put money don't expect ever to get it back.(been in contact with a lawyer he wanna sue, but I can't afford it if I lose...) and it's only $200 that I invested so not worth it for me...But I would stay far away, if you don't have money to throw out the window stay away,  maybe buy yourself something nice instead...  They are wated if you give them to binance...

Be ware ! Its a SCAM company who will block your account on just 1 complain and even its worst than other payment systems where only scam peoples will win. this website should be reported to get banned.

I've never had a problem with Binance.Very quick transfers.Excellent for use

Dont use Binance! Literally the only crypto plattform that takes 20-50mins to send email verification codes for transcations. Its so insanely stupid because within that time your assets might be worth half the value. Its always beein that way. Rather use Solflare or somthing and only touch binance for withdrawal in fiat. Jesus.

This is a sh.. com3 months to verify dont f... make the mistake to work with them f... everything is sh... nothing work

Stop limit orders not filled sometimes, just skipped and deleted that it existed at all, you can get liquidated for this and they say that you didn't set order, support staff asks for proof, so every time you place orders SCREENSHOT THEM

They ask for verification every time like something go wrong in the database of the platform, nothing to do with regulations,they have already our information since the 2016 crash when all the regulation begun, like coinbase, is just a joke, they trying to take sleepy penny's deposit or hodlers assets I think.Evry new country regulation are a winwin for them they don't make automatic refund in case of banned account.They promote  sometimes 💩coins and tokens owned or partnership and giving them freedom of pump.24/8 Update my comments, I get lucky with my verification, at this time but before you need a lot of patience specially when you don't have enough time or money.That why from one star to three, in comparison with other exchanges are not bad.The only bad thing are the spreadsheet and the picks of futures they are high and very bad for scalping with this volatilities and thosn whales altering the market with high volatilities.But never forget this, regulations and proces KYC are different between exchanges and countries, keep in mind don't be dependent of one exchange.

I bought some crypto currency only to find that withdrawals of that currency were suspended.  I waited 2 days and still suspended.  I withdrew my fiat currency back out.So I've paid for a trade and the withdrawal for nothing.

Somewhat decent trading experience. Late entry times, and quite high fees even when depositing.Not good for beginners who are making small profits.

Fees are to high, and even tho I have verified myself it still ask sometimes for ID verification etc...

Beware! They can block your account at any time and ask you identity documents... and will be rejected by BinanceVerification

Horrible customer service!I traveled for a week and came back and tried to login and it didn't let me login and my account was disable. Chatted with customer service and they bounced me around with 7-8 different agents and still could'nt solve my issue!I think I have lost all my money cos I cannot login and Binance doesn't know how to help.Stay away from this Platform!

Probably the worst online company I've ever used.

This is fraud. They did not asks us about nationality once we opened the account and we traded. After a while, they forced us to close the account and pay 2.9 % withdrawal fees. Simple drop down menu at the registration.

Binance is not well managed company.Its services are non-customer friendly.The customer services are inefficent,inconvenient and never helpful to solve the problems.All is slow motion and they serve so slow and not urge to solve the problems at all..better to stay away from this company;Don risk your money;There are better ones on the net!!!

Purchased crypto via P2P and needed support.  Had to submit screenshots and wait a couple hours.  Was a bit scary.  Never actually got to speak/chat with a real life person, but got regular standard email status updates.  The matter was eventually resolved.No experience with other exchanges, but this seem to be the exchange with the largest trading volume and highest scores according to the website CoinMarketCap.  (Coinbase only have 10% trading volume)

Sadly I needed to use to buy a certain crypto as my normal exchange doesn't have but I made a mistake ! Yes I admit, my fault !Would I pay to fix.... YesWould I pay £500 to fix.... F++k U Binance ...NoI appreciate folk make mistakes and it takes time and effort to fix but £500 .... Come on.If I was in contact repeatedly then I would understand the sky high fee but once....Sadly we have your money and we don't give a rat's ass.... No way of contacting them or nothing. If I could leave zero I would.Avoid like the plagueBE WARNED PEOPLE !!!!!

so easy to deposit but when trying to get back is impossible if anyone knows how and can explain in simple english please please help lol

Constant rejection of withdrawals even though i have withdrawn to the same wallet last week - now told by support they do not have enough funds in their hot wallet to make the transfer and i have to wait 1-2 hours!!! - ITS £70 worth of crypto!! Awful to deal with and will be looking elsewhere in future.

Quite satisfied. Would love learn and earn programs for 5 stars

Great rank 1 exchange fast, secure and has great campaigns

If you need urgently money do not use this exchange. I am using 6 more exchanges and never had such an issue it's just 750 dollar and ALTHOUGHT I HAVE VERIFIED ALL DOCUMENTS THEY BLOCKED MY MONEY and since 3 days no one responding.Serously joke.

Great exchange with support for every coin you can imagine, card is great too, low fees and works everywhere. Keep up the good work and soon I won't need a bank account anymore.

The best exchange to purchase cryptos, never had issues !

the biggest exchange, not bad.

Not bad.. they keep adding new features and coin.

250€ has been blocked in my account. Contacted them through costumer support 3 time and they said this problem will resolve soon. It has been 4 months so far.

They rejected my identification procedure because of my origin as an Iranian. However, I hold a Dutch nationality and a Dutch passport. That's disgusting! Shame on you!I'm going to use Bybit exchange.

every forth attempt is making my credit card purchase. A part of this everything works fine. Fix it and you will have 5*

Easy to use, good liquidity. Only the trusted and vetted tokens are in this exchange. Unlike many of the fraud exchanges out there.

It seems as binance is a scammer.I was denied withdraw my coins.when asked for reasons, binance said I should make a video of myself with my id card.I did it and submitted it.Later I was told I should produce the person that was behind me when I was doing the verification.I told them that he was my co tenant and he had moved away and I don't know his whereabouts any more.Since then binance has not released my coin.

Registration is broken, was never able to set up my account.So they keep sending me emails telling me that there was a problem. Following the link in the email leads to a login form. Guess what? My account registration didn't finish, so I can't login!Their customer support app is awful too. All sorts of things suddenly popped up when trying to tell them to delete my account, I could only close it.Then I got another email with a "Return to chat" button that didn't work.So now I have added their domain to my email blacklist and I guess I will get one or two emails from them every week into my spam folder, making it more annoying to skim it when looking for accidental false positives here and there.Why on earth would anyone trust a company that can't get basic things working with money?!

So far the best Crypto Exchange. Love it.

Binance has temporarily disabled my trading functionality for no reason! I've been trying to reach customer support, but no response! Kindly help me ASAP.Case no: 92961468It seems that I will have to sue for my loss as I cannot make any payments. That is a warning for anybody who thinks their savings are safe in Binance!#crypto #blockchain #BinanceFutures #binance

I have been trading with Binance since 2020, so far I loved trading crypto with them.

Best collection binance NFT = Lazy Giraffes ! <3

If I could give no stars I would, they are a joke.Completed verification and then account access denied once they had my money. Tech support is a farce.I am now faced with walking away from my money as they will not help me to sort the problem. I have jumped through so many hoops I feel like a trapeze artist. EToro, Coinbase, Kracken all far superior. Don’t waste your time or money.

this customer support is a f..ing joke! seriously, dont expect them to be professional

Binance is lying. They didn't let me withdraw all my money. They also illegally deprived me of access to work with my account, allegedly they have some suspicions. But I am clean before the law and human rights. The situation and the problem is not solved. Do not work with Binance - you can lose your money. I am not lying. If Binance thinks I'm wrong, they can sue me: I'm Mikhail Nazarenko, I live in Greece, TK 55438, Thessaloniki, Agios Pavlos, Achilleos 4.--------------I can't withdraw my money (about 450 euros). First, Binance told me to withdraw all assets from this exchange, as they do not want to work with me due to geographical risks and their internal verification (I have never violated any laws, perhaps they are concerned about my citizenship - I am a Russian citizen who has received political asylum in Greece, I have been living permanently in Greece for the last 5 years). I began to withdraw assets, but it turned out that it was impossible to withdraw euros. This is a robbery on the part of Binance. Are they acting in bad faith, or maybe just Binance - are scammers? I contacted the support service - the application number (Case ID) is #92922247. They promised to consider the issue in 12 hours. 12 hours have passed and they have not given any answer. BE CAREFUL - NOT TO TRUST BINANCE.

Good and quality exchange. I am satisfied.

Support is very pathetic definitely won't recommend this one

I have been using this exchange for more than a year and every time I encounter support, I run into problems. Those support is a complete hole. I do not recommend storing large amounts on this exchange.

binance help scammer and let casino use bnb to steal people wallet please stop helping scammers like stake casino

Good and proven exchange. I recommend to use.

Fast transaction to buy cryptos but , high fees

Too much bad reviews they have here i don't know really why.I really don't think that they care about that.They're now #1 crypto exchange in the world.Offering new promotions and stuff for users more than any other exchange.

Worst exchange...... using binance since 2017 but they suddenly block my account. I can't do anything with my funds. They are not allowing withdraw of my funds. But I am feeling strange because why they made my account disfunctional? Why Why Why after use of this exchange for five years?

Case ID : IDs 83502577 and 98607985BINANCE IS SCAM AND FRAUDULENT, THEY STOLE MY $6800, REMOVED IT FROM MY WALLET AND THEN CLEAR MY DEPOSIT AND WITHDRAWAL HISTORY Hello everyone from Nigeria and all over the world. I plead with you to report this website called Binance and run away from it because it is nothing but scam This is to inform you that Binance is a fraud, earlier this year in February, I placed a sell order of $1500 on p2p, the buyer send the money to my bank but due to bank network it took three days before it delivered to me and then I marked it as paid.. within the next 2 hour I discovered my withdrawal on Binance was disabled and I had up to $6800 usdt in my usdt wallet , I reached out to the support telling them and showing proof that, the money actually delivered to me after three days, they mentioned I violated p2p rule, I told them to tell me what exact rule i violated, they kept me on queue, after a week of following up they told me to wait till March 15 for an update, I waited till then and then messaged again, this time, they keep leaving me on queue for 6-10 hours and then end the chat and say no update for my account, this continued for one month and then after I much talks everyday, they finally gave me a email address which is istanbulsibersuclar(egm gov tr)Since the month of March I started sending mails to the address above, no response I went to chat Binance support they told me to keep sending mails, I continued like that for one month, after such frustration , I had to face the support again threatening with legal actions, and then they started putting me on queue everyday, I’ll apply to chat and the next thing I’ll see is a queue, saying I have to wait for 6-10 hours before I can be attended to, All was a joke, I kept waiting and when the hour is over, the chat will automatically close. This happened everyday till I began to cry that I have been defrauded by Binance. All was like a dream. Everyday I see my asset In my wallet ($6800) I try to withdraw and it will give an error message. I decided to set an automation mail that kept sending mails to istanbulsibersuclar(I can’t write the email address because trust pilot doesn’t support it ). In the morning, afternoon and night, since the month of March till July, no Reply. Binance support don’t reply me any more on the app support. Just for me to check my asset today which is 13 July,2022 and see that my asset has disappear, my $6800 was gone, my withdrawal history and deposit history was cleared. Nothing was left in my wallet, I messaged the Binance support again and still no reply. After waiting from February till July and then I was scammed by Binance. Funny enough they get away with this, there is nothing I can do, my $6800 is gone, $6800 is a very huge amount here in Nigeria. I’m just speechless right now BINANCE IS A SCAMAfter 6 months Binance finally replied asking for the case ID Case ID : IDs 83502577 and 98607985No one provided a reason why my account was locked, all I know is they asked me to come to turkey. What business do I have with turkey ? I live in Nigeria…screw you scammerif the law enforcement ask you to lock my account, why do you have to steal my $6850? Whereas what business do I have with a law enforcement in turkey ???

I think they know the business of crypto.

I’ve been waiting to be approved since October of 21 it’s July of 22 it took them to December just to verify I live where I did and since December I’ve been waiting for them to get back on my Info for final approval. There support system is about as useful as trying to drive a car with No motor across the US and even then I think pushing a car across the US would be quicker then waiting for this company to respond to an email.

For everyone who can read my comment   on this site .Biance is supporting  scammers to steal money from people .please don't use this platform to buy bitcoins .biance won't care if you have been scammed .biance will tell you they don't know where  are the bitcoin gone ,they can know who are the scammers but biance don't  are they just want to make money from each buy and sell ..Should take biance to court .they hurt people's  lives  .lot of people leave lost their money by using this platform Avoid!!!!!!!! Avoid !!!!!!!!!!Avoid!!!!!!!!!

my money is stuck in the account, I can't make withdrawals, I made several complaints but they don't resolve

I wouldn’t give any. Been scammed and they didn’t seemed to bother and help recovering the funds while they were still in transit. Gave everything the scammers bitcoin wallet, the transaction everything. They can’t care less seems they are protecting the scammers really

Many things don't work on that exchange and there is no customer service whatsoever. I recommend everyone to stay as far as possible from Binance. Because something doesnt work, then you'll be on your own.

Low trading fees and a user friendly platform. Learnt how to performBasic trading functions with them.

Binance is the best cryptocurrency storage and trading platform. I tried several other wallets before settling on this one. It is safe, simple to set up, and has an excellent incentive program. I've been using this software for over two years and I'm really enjoying it so far. Cryptocurrency trading is extremely safe here. The exchange rate is lower than on other platforms.

I've had binance.us for months and they refuse to validate my driver's license photograph that they have had me redo three times. The personnel are ignorant, and not well trained... they don't really know what they're talking about. That means do not use them as it will be an exercise in wasted time and a frustrated effort to actually accomplish anythingxxxxxxxI edited this message to illustrate that it took them 5 months to answer with a copy and paste message. A useless company.

Terrible website where being locked out of your account is a common issue and the scammers who own it won't let you in no matter how many times you try to log in.

Horrible service and system. Updated app couldn’t get email verification, contacted support and didn’t receive anything remotely useful. Switched from app to browser, email verification worked went to security and did what support said to do, remove email from 2FA switched to google 2FA. Logged me out. Go to log in and user name or password incorrect, umm no it’s not after several attempts try under phone number and I can log in so go to check email address and none listed. No where does it say if you remove email from 2FA it will un link it from the account. Contact support again and can’t link that email address for 30 days. It doesn’t matter that this is Binance screw up this is the second time I’ve had issues with this exchange and lost money so I’m deleting my account, until they come up with a reliable system and app I’ll take my business elsewhere I don’t have the time to have to deal with this kind of idiotic issue.

Their 2 factor authentication process (by SMS, they text a code to log in) has stopped working.  This has effectively locked me out of my account.  I have converted my bitcoin to USD and was able to only withdraw $1000 every 24 hours.  I was OK with that but now after $3000 of successful withdrawals, I am no longer able to access my account due to the SMS 2FA issue.  There is no customer service.  I would recommend strongly to NOT use Binance.I chose this platform because it was recommended by Forbes.  I hope they take down their positive review of this website.

Disgusting website made by thieves. Once your money are in their hands you will go through hell to try to have them back. They will also ask to take videos of your login on other platforms. Don't trust them.

It takes ages to clear the KYC. Then also there's no guarantee of clearing it. Just takes so laaaaang for this process.

Unfriendly support, until you find a way to actually communicate directly your problem you have to read hundreds of unrelated suggested threads and still after spending 1 hour on different menus couldn't found out a way.Binance gave me a 500 BUSD voucher which has NOT expired, but it doesn't appeared even if successfully redeemed. I hate wasting my time like this.

Binance stole my deposit of £5,000 and have neither credited my account nor refunded my money. They have taken me in circles for more than 2 months now and I have still not yet received my money back! They can steal money with all impunity since they aren't regulated and no one can follow them up!

Bug with the system in Futures. The keyed in amount and open order amount where different, resulting in lesser amount than what I intended. My stop loss was not executed several times even though the price was reached, lost a few thousand dollars due to this. Absolute scam of a company.

Worst cryptocurrency exchange in the world. They are popular because they invest a lot of money in the market in order to be popular, but their customer service is the worst in the world. You sent them funds, but they did not deposit them into your account, and you must wait so many days for them to return them to you. If you are considering using a cryptocurrency exchange, do not use this platform.

Things are also uncertain. Some got their money back, some didn't. I can say that the company could not be trusted at all. All other money was washed away.Things are also uncertain. Where is the rest of the money? Only a few are returned. And the rest of the money washed off? How can such behavior of the stock exchange suit.

We can easily get crypto coin through Binance. Very low transaction fee and convert fee is zero(0). I recommend try it once it will fulfill your wants. Thanks...

Very good. Good project.

Wonderful project I really love this exchange is the top cryptocurrency exchange trusted for all over the world

This is a very good wallet+exchanger👍 i like it,chose it and i use it👍

I recently had to face problems. The account started to fail, then I wrote to support - they said to wait. I've been waiting for a very long time. And now they do not answer at all and blocked the conclusions.

This project is very and good for the future keep it up

Verification UnsuccessfulSorry, you did not pass the review proAphasia...1-4-9 pffff

Terrible customer service, high fees when you want to withdraw your cryptocurrencies, please stay away if you don't wanna lose your funds.

After registration my account has been blocked due to my citizenship. Though the citizenship was asked in the beginning of the verification process, new questions and documents were asked. So they collected ALL private data they can and then blocked the account. I contacted the support and kindly asked them to delete all my data and stop sending spam to my email address. Unfortunately, the answer was NO to both my requests. GDPR means nothing to them. I will escalate the problem as a EU GDPR breach

Absolute Thieves. Commissions way too high and you can't get your money out. Stay away from this exchange

they got worse

I recently had to face problems. The account started to fail, then I wrote to support - they said to wait. I've been waiting for a very long time. And now they do not answer at all and blocked the conclusions. That's it - you can't even transfer money.

They suck.  If you wanna lose your money its easy with them.   THEY SUCK.

good crypto exchange service, i every day use binance for buy/sell my crypto and get some value

Time ago they blocked my card, without any reason and without giving me explanations. Now, they blocked my account on the exchange while I was trying to communicate my new residential address. Again, without any reason and without giving me explanations. I was treated like a criminal after being a customer for four years, which is unacceptable and shameful! Your funds are not safe with them, look elsewhere.

They take your money and do not let you verify ID and have many other ways to steal your money...

scammers, they spend most of their time moving prices against their customers and creating as many liquidations as possible, they can see everyone's positions and will move the market against you until you close in a loss or get liquidated.

I am happy with Binance.  Live chat with their customer service can be improved.  Security is excellent.  I like their mobile app and their staking and saving service.  Their spot trade chart is easy to use.  This is why they are the best crypto exchange in the world.

Friends, there are only scammers on the Binance exchange. Be careful. They steal money. They do not answer us all, because stealing our money is their task. And there is no technical problem here. This is their plan. No matter what you use your wallet for, they put a lock on everything anyway.

I'm using Binance for a while now had a few problems at the beginning. Now I think Binance is very good and it's simple UI is a huge plus for me.

SO , Beaware  of whats called Binance especially if You are located in Middle East , they well not allow you to pull your money away or transffer Crypto to diffrent exchange , they will ask to verify identify again , and again and agian till you give up and lose your money , not to mention their high charges fee

Binance rating is stupidly overrated. I personally did not see anything good in this exchange. It's good when they pay attention to your problem. And they don't care what you write. Not only do they avoid answers, they also blocked our money.

This 5hit is made by absolute amateurs

BE VERY CAREFUL! They will let you deposit money and trade instantly. But try and convert your money back and cash out? They will have you jump through hoops! They never asked for proof of address when I deposited money and started trading....but wanted it when I tried to convert Crypto to cash!They never said there was a problem with my credit/debit card when I deposited money....but they had a problem with the card when I tried to withdraw my money back onto it. I guess the greedy clowns that run Binance are trying hard to stop people pulling money out as crypto is now dieing and they are on a sinking ship.

Never not use them !!! I pay 900£ deposit from my bank to the binance i have proof for the transaction ehic is say binance received my money over 24 hours … money not come trough on my bonance account i try contact them support dont do it nothing SCAMMERS!!!

How much can you ignore? I have a lot of questions that they don't answer. At first, the exchange was normal: the support service solved problems on time, but now they avoid questions in every possible way. At first, I didn’t even believe that such a large crypto exchange could deceive its customers so vilely. That's not how they work. Shame on you.

Binance dumped us. I lost my money in a matter of days. There are notifications about the withdrawal of funds, but I did not withdraw it.

Binance is a good exchange and provides many trading pairs. Overall they are trustworthy but sometimes they do suspicious things. Like recently they turned off BTC withdrawal for 3 hours. Really suspicious.

Easy to use, very cheap transfers in BUSB using BNB. Quick payments!

Terrible organisation. I sent pound sterling into my account for almost one month it is yet to arrive. Logged an appeal and got a reply that my money will be refunded in the originating account. I am still waiting and there is nobody to contact.

One of the biggest exchanges out there, they have liquidity for most coins.The android app has glitches  you should improve it

Unhelpful, a company had took £255 out of my account to buy crypto coins. Despite me showing all evidence to binance that it wasn't me, they've fobbed me off and won't return my money. Wouldn't be surprised if they were in on the scam. They need shutting down

This is outrageous.had a holiday in peru.my account was closed.ive got lots off coins and cash in it.and now I'm back in the uk.got back in to the account.and to no surprise it's empty.what happened no one can tell me.thay just say that's your account and that's all but I say it's empty.what happened to my money.no phone number to call.may be the solicitors can help and Sue thaire ass off.for some of the million's that steel form inosent people.the government has to step in and stop all this

Top exchange! So far i did not come across better exchange.Large amount of cryptos to choose from.Low feesGreat securityExcellent staking, reasonable mobile App.The only issue is that UK residents cannot use Derivatives or Futures, but that is not Binance fault.

Website is hell.... you'll never be able to check your balance, yuou have to talk to robots, then CS service....it's like coding to check your balance

Absolutely disgraceful platform. I have invested 100,000 dollars in to this business at which point they suspended my account! after already passing all the personal verification methods including passport, utility bill & full breakdown of employment and earning history they still will not release my account. There is no person to speak to or an effective messaging system to raise tickets just FAQ and a successful or unsuccessful option. Honestly this business is worth BILLIONS  and this is how they treat a 6 figure investor?  horror show do not invest in this platform!!

You can get your money in, but you can't get it out.If you try to withdraw your money will be faced with a broken verification process, they will require a kyc and their app won't process it, you click begin verification and nothing happens.

I opened up an account. It wasn't quick or easy and there isn't anyone to speak with to make the process easier or to explain any issues or questions that may come up. I started with a few thousand dollars to gauge if I wanted to use them to invest much more. The short answer is that I closed my account. The issues I had were not answered by any content in the help section. Numerous problems which I had to state via a message system were never answered. I was set to also invest the entire amount of a trust with them but their system does not allow for an Federal EIN number to be used to set up the Trust account and  funds transfer. After again receiving no response to the issues I experienced. I moved on. The customer support is nonexistent, the site is poorly designed, and the site is hard to use and understand. Imagine if you had invested tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars and could not get a hold of a human being to help you? I seriously would not use this site. You are taking a big chance in investing your money here.

LOCKED OUT. I have been locked out of my Binance account now for over a month. Their system absolutely and consistently refuses to accept my inputs in response to the requirements thay have stipulated for their "Verification" procedure.All I want to do is remove the Google2FA from my account. In terms of their rules, that will result in a 48-hour freeze on withdrawals, and after which time I will be able to withdraw my coins and close my account.They keep on raising new barriers and further requirements to upload videos of myself accessing the Binance platform. Any awkward questions raised by me in response, disappear off the chat.I am concerned that the company is a criminal enterprise and that they are witholding my coins for no "security" reasons as they maintain they do.I am at my wits end.They have made this new "Verification"procedure out to be a law, but it is only an internal Binance requirement, not backed by law. This makes their behaviour lawless.I see others complaining that their coins are gone. Mine still reflect in my wallet, but I now question this company's behaviour. I haven't been able to buy/sell or withdraw my coins. That is a criminal act.where do I go next?

This company is very bad.I got verified years ago and now they want revirification.I am sending the same documents and they do not accept anything. Cannot even contact their support.Would never reccomend this thrash platform

Binance has been on the exchange for a year and a half. But the last 3-4 months, the devil knows what is happening on the stock exchange. I wanted to transfer currency, but I showed 0 funds. I was shocked, because I knew for sure that I had currencies in my wallet. I asked them for help, and they told me to wait 2 hours. Those two hours turned into months. But where is my money - the big question. Theft! They stole my money quietly and fled. Friends, be careful, there is fraud on the stock exchange.

The support from Binance seems extremely terrible. They let you wait 10 minutes after each allow me some minutes.. It also seems extremely hard for them to delete a unverified account that you don't even use to be able to make another account with the right information. I only had a problem with a phone number and somehow they need all kinds of information which was not even connected to that unverified account.

They don't trade Peercoin, first POS cripto

Verification failed due to input adress and adress of id not matching, i checked its the same. Now I have to wait multiple day for this to be resolved. At this speeds i just can go to a local broker at my bank...

Had good experiences so far, but heard a lot of mixed experiences aswell. They kinda have a monopoly so what are you gonna do.

Bad system. And bad customer service. They suspend the accounts and asking statements, videos, documents, again and again and again. Really disappointed about them. Very bad.

i love binance because this great platform is amazing for crypto exchange. p2p change is very useful

I do not advise the binance exchange - one scam. I don’t know on what basis they write to me: “Your account may be at risk, contact support.” Good. I contacted support, but in the end no one answered me. I keep getting a notification asking me to wait a few more hours. My account is verified, I have not committed any illegal actions. My account is frozen for no reason. I can neither withdraw the currency nor transfer it to another wallet. They forbade their own owner to manage their money. What is happening now with my cryptocurrencies, no one gives an answer, because the exchange was scammed.

Two months ago I woke up to the news that binance had frozen my funds (all my money) I contacted technical support and they transferred me to "specialized" support. After almost 28 hours in the queue, the specialized support staff replied telling me that I could not withdraw my funds because my account was under review, that if they had more information about it they would send it to me, this happened approximately 2 months ago and To date, I still have not received any response.At the time of the blockade, I had my funds in CRYPTO. They do not allow me to transfer them to USDT within the platform or do anything with my money. As a consequence, I have already lost more than 60% of my capital. I had the date of the block since I can neither withdraw nor secure my funds in USDT while the review lasts,I write to support and they only give me an answer "we have already given you all the information, you must wait and we will let you know any other information " when they have told me absolutely nothing. It does not seem to me the most professional way to approach such a sensitive issue, it is not fair that I lose my money for a "revision", revision of what? why don't they clarify? they want to steal my funds?Company 0 professional, there are better ways to serve your customers who trust you when depositing their money on your platform, it should be noted that I have more than 1600 days registered on the binance platform, more than 700 p2p exchanges 100% successful, 0 negative qualifications, I have all the levels of identity verification approved, and even so they block me and do not give a response in technical support,All this that I am experiencing is a nightmare, if you have your funds in binance my best advice is to get out while you can,They don't deserve 1 star, 0 stars.

Thieves! DO NOT MAKE BUSINESS WITH THEM. They are a nightmare of an institution to deal with. I just withdrew all the remaining of my money that I had left (after all their fraudulent behaviors). I consider myself lucky.

Great platform for trading, but if the CS is needed a complete failure.The CS is well informed about the internal regulations, but not what blockchain, transactions, and airdrops are. This makes the CS not understand what the client actually needs.

Very secure! A lot of anti-scamming features.

Great crypto exchange Platform with low fees. Recommended.

As professional as terraluna. Making an account is pathetic. Trying to get paid is pathetic. The wait times is stuck in 1960.Iv been on every exchange and binance is by far the worst platform and exchange there is. Like I want to go see a shrink after dealing with their bs.

In attempting to register and be verified by Binance, I waited a number of days before initiating a CHAT conversation as to why I was not verified. An agent helped me. I was notified, that because I was over 69 and that age is more susceptible to scams, I could not be verified. Nowhere could I find, on the site or FAQ, this information. Disappointing. Please add to site.

Support ignored my questions and ignored my statements, would say sorry and apologize without even trying to solve a problem, I felt like I was stuck in a loop... asking one thing and getting only apology without help, signing up was hell too, never using this service again.

hm for me really strange lot bad reviews for this site it's largest and for me best exchange. they bring so many inovations. reffered lot peoples there and all of them are happy

Same experience. No withdrawal possible after changed USDT to EURO. Not even change back to crypto is even possible. Ge this message: Service not AvailableDue to risk controls, the function is currently not available for your account. (PA000001038)Dont know whats going on in the background, but they put me in an "in queue" loop for the second time now to talk to some "specialist" after asking me the same questions. Waiting time 12-24h. Money isn´t save there

Scammer, please don’t invest your money on Binance. We did it and now we can’t withdrawn it it’s been 3weeks such a fraud app Please stay away everyone

Shocking. Can't access my funds as they've frozen my account . Caught in endless nonsense with chat bots that get me nowhere. It's constantly being " referred ". At my wits end as my money appears to be gone. How can this company get away with this ???

Abominable customer service on top of robotic, needlessly cumbersome functionality that is also needlessly costly. That's the bottom line; here's a couple examples: 1. Signing up was absurdly difficult and time-consuming. To the point of intelligence-insulting, what with having to prove I am really me, just to have the privilege of paying them to use my money to purchase Bitcoin. 2. Upon later requesting an increase in their silly-small maximum deposit-per-day amount, it was again insultingly time-consuming and difficult to get their approval for said increase. And. Then. They. Blew. It. They actually DEcreased the amount. Would they return emails regarding it? No. Not after emailing them again and again and again and again. And can you call or even text? Of course not. And how long does it take for an email response? Days at best; much more likely weeks. I let them know that I moved from Coinbase to them for the slight commission savings. That didn't help a thing.Use Swan. Not only is their service vastly superior, they even cost less!

It is impossible to contact you, you have blocked my account for verification. I have sent you 10 types of more than valid documents all rejected. I will report to the competent authorities of my country for unjustified appropriation of other people's property.you are a scam

Bad Experience with verification process. I used the web and app to verify my ID. When I took a photo there is not any error. After that they haven't verified. They said it was an issue of my phone and try with a new one. But when I send a photo took using my phone to chat support they said that a photo is ok.Now I realize that issue is with their app and not my phone. I tried many days. Still, they are not verifying my ID.

Support is a nightmare. Account deletion is almost impossible. They keep giving BS answers.

The Second time I have been scammed. By Binance.com the world's largest crypto currency exchange, I watched the video for learn and earn to find there was no rewards , then I message customer support for binance.com and spend ten minutes sending screenshots and writing messages and just get answers from the customer service agent totally unrellated , i just as well watched another 5 Videos and wasted my ten minutes that way, Binance.com Customer Support offered no Support whatsoever and why have a customer support portal if they are just going to ignore anything you explain or show the customer service agent screenshots cpntaey to there answers

Horrible app, Id verification took over a week to be reviewed. Therefore, I just thought it would be easier to give up and try a different broker. Then I tried to withdrew the money I sent to my account back (they shouldn’t even allow customers to send money to their account if they are not fully verified because you simply can’t buy anything if you’re not verified). And guess what? Loads of failed attempts to get my money back on their end. I would just get a message saying that the transaction to send the money back to my card was failed, no explanation whatsoever. Then I contacted the customer support, but they were just sending me canned responses, saying I should contact my bank. What a nightmare this broker is. Don’t make the same mistake I did. Just choose a different broker. Anything is better then this trash.

Binace delisted the Crypto Luna-USDT pair. The price wasn't zero and afterwards the price went up again. No other Crypto platform acted that way. Support fully ignored my questions and queries. Finally they offered a VIP trading package as compensation. What a bad joke! Stay away from Binance. In difficult market situations you will loose your hard earned investments. PS: Currently there is still a $ 1.2b Luna value.

Binnance is a big fraud , Be aware and save your money

I buy LUNA tokens 3-4 months ago for 1000 USDNow i see my total balance ~ 10 USD, scam!

scam, why i can't withdraw my LUNA tokens!! i deposit a lot of money and now can't withdraw them!!!

It's a very technical app with lots of options. It is scarry at the beginning as it's all confusing. However, it gets better once you gain more knowledge of how it works. Best part about it, money withdrawal is instant ( best in the game I have experience so far)

updates are created only for  disadvantage, confusing or misleading you, if something works well is replaced with something that deliberately misleads you, e.g. the advance trading view was changed only because was a intuitive. They  consciously act on your disadvantage

It's impossible to withdraw. Stay away from Binance you'll lose your investment. I have been trying to get my funds back for months, support is terrible.

Absolute disaster. Everything is good until they freeze your account for no reason. Then watch your assets be stuck for 2 months - go have fun with customer service robot. Disgrace of a company - Billion Dollar company. AVOID. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE AS ME.

the provided expectation for time to something to happen (transaction, resuming network, etc) it simply meaningless.For ex. I have been told my transaction will go through within the next 5min during 8+ hours before it got rejected.There is no support, they never respond.Transferring money/assets to Binance is fast, always been immediate (or close enough) for me, but retrieving them is virtually impossible, consider whatever you put there as losses.

I’ve been victim of a big scam by a forex broker. Binance has allowed to a new user to send important amount only after 48h registration. They have provided no support. Once the scammer has refunded a small amount, they’ve blocked my account because of a cancelled chargeback claim. Proof of cancellation sent 2 months ago, the account is still blocked. It’s a Chinese company and Headquarters in a Fiscal Paradise. Regulated nowhere. NEVER TRUST this company#binance #scam #blockchain #cryptocurrency

They are scammers. Whenever there is a situation, you are not allowed to take action. Yesterday I couldnt react in the crypto I had my money. I couldnt convert it to something else or move my money. They only cover their business and customers are destroyed.

All UK users to avoid Binance! It has been more than a month that Binance has blocked my available cash and neither they let me trade nor they let me withdraw my cash money! It seems they have a problem with GBP and they are not able to resolve it! I have talked to them many times over the last few weeks but they have not solved the issue and basically my money is trapped in Binance and now I am taking legal actions against them! If you are a UK user wanna use Binance and trade with GBP you should know that you will face the same problem and you bring your money to Binance and then you cannot do anything and not even getting your money back!

Beware!Ethnic filtering.Fascism in the 21st century.

Constant issue with deposits failing at their side, but funds are held from your bank account for 5 days. No way of actually talking to customer support - HOW CAN A BUSINESS OPERATE LIKE THIS?? Terrible platform.

This site was created for the benefit of its owners, not you.They make you win in the first investment experiences until you put all your savings with them and then you lose everythingI think there is no state control over the site and they can raise or lower cryptocurrency as they wantTherefore, I advise everyone who wants to invest to invest in reality and in something tangible and not in the virtual world

This platform is just crap, i have had problems every single day since i have started using it with deposits, withdraw and all of it. I strongly do not advise binance try something else like kucoin or whatever

Stay away the steal 50K $ from me and the price some time doesn’t match global price because of app issues

This exchange stollen my money ! But they have pretty useable interface

Fine enough, if not to hold money on it 24/7 but to use it only when you're actively trading.As once, I had a problem with withdrawals exactly during the high volatility on the market

A Russophobic company! Even American Сoinbase and Kraken accept EU residence cards! And Binance refuses to register because the card says nationality Russian. I registered with Kraken Huobi and Coinbase without any problems. Fascists in short!

Scam.   Stay well clear , they will let you build your funds up then BANG. Your account is frozen ….

When I wanted to withdraw my money, suddenly Binance required another round of verification, which I have legitimately tried to pass at least 10 times with 10 different documents, but every time they come with some different ridiculous reason to reject it. I can now not withdraw my holdings and there is no way to get in contact with Binance, because they legitimately have 0 customer support. Even their twitter just tells me to try again. It is borderline fraud, and I do not understand how this can be legal. Outright frustrating. 10/10 do NOT recommend.

After investing some amount of money I can't log into my account. The mechanisms on the webpage for resetting the password or reactivating the account don't work.  I'm seriously considering calling the police about theft.UPDATE: After a few months I regained access to my account. Pity I came to find out about huge losses to my portfolio, not being able to act on market changes in the meantime.

i have v bad experience because they did’nt respond on time some time they see the mesg but did’nt show any response and i have poroves on this

This pertains to Binance as a UK-based user. I suspect it's appropriate everywhere, as it's about their Support.Binance is a great trading platform all-in-all. I have been a customer for around 1 year. In that time I have made many fiat deposits since their Faster Payments channel was re-opened (easily more than 30 separate deposits via Faster Payments).Their on-line Support is atrocious. Easily the worst I have experienced for a while. Half of the people you talk to don't seem to understand even the simplest issue at even the highest level of detail. Others will shunt you to an "expert queue" or "higher level" and you'll find there's a wait time of 12 to 24 hours. What kind of on-line chat has a wait time of 24 hours?My issue was 1 missing modest fiat payment. 1 out of many. All the payments before succeeded, and all payments after have succeeded. It was just 1 that went missing and it was sent using the same saved Payee from online banking. My bank confirms they have the funds.I didn't overly worry about this, as I knew Binance wouldn't steal that from me. That's not in question. The issue for me was inconvenience, I thought it would be resolved quickly though. It cannot be a hard task.But they don't seem to know how to look for it. They have confirmed they have all the information they need from me - but they don't know what they are doing - and there is no way to escalate to someone with a brain, or a Manager, who might see that the Support staff are completely inept (certainly 100% ineffective).All they ask you to do is wait - but they cannot say until when. They know absolutely nothing, about anything. You get stuck with a bunch of - frankly - incapable people who don't know how to make progress and don't know how to move the issue to someone who could possibly make progress.So, after 4 days, I remain at the exact same stage as I did when I first raised the issue. There's simply no indication they are even doing anything. I am in contact with them right now - all they say is "please help to wait for now" and "we will get back to you".In normal operation, Binance is fine. Just hope that you never have to engage their Support function. It can be incredibly frustrating and it doesn't appear fit for purpose.

Worst experience and waste of time. i used my credit card to deposit a small fund to test the full cycle. I did few transactions and then reached the withdrawal part... here is the catch , i live in dubai so they said my credit card won't be accepted for withdrawal in this region!!! Binance accepted the credit card to deposit but will not accept THE SAME CREDIT CARD to withdraw??? i'm glad that it was a test and i only lost the fee of those transactions... as far as i am concerned this is not a transparent firm.

Do not use Binance in Uk. I have been mining for years and sending rewards to Binance- Now they have asked for proof of wealth  - and however I try explain it comes from mining they just ask the same questions and lock account.And get this they locked the account on a cross trade without warning with no way to close the trade and I lost 5k....Now I can not get my money out or transfer or anything.Total theftThey just ignore this if your from the UK get your money out quick before they ask you for proof of wealth

Why is it taking all day to withdraw Solana from you guys, when coinbase just did it instantly? Its my money isnt it? Just let me do with it as I please and send it when I put in a request....

binance asks for a deposit via advcash a 3 provider and advacsh is a scam waiting for my bitcoins since 04/12/2022 and they are just looking for excuses.you should be ashamed of leading people into such a scam company.

Probably the worst crypto exchange in the world. They have the worst customer service, it's just awful. Got my account blocked for more than one month now, for unknown reason, with big funds on it. At first, they told me it's gonna take 30 days to check my account, then 30 days became 30 business days, and now nearly two months passed... still have no news. I won't recommend this platform to anyone, especially to those who do big tradings.

Binance agreed to transfer customer data to Russian authorities, terrible!!!

Absolutely shocking company!Worst ever trading and support experience, I'm trying to close my account but I cannot - their site will not let me.Stay well away - this has been an expensive mistake would suggest you not make the same mistake. Easy to buy but will NEVER give you back your money...

Hello All Dear please do not trade on binance professionaly cheaters stealers its my request as soon as take out your money

It is astonishing how a big company like Binance have not given me any warnings or prior notifications. All of a sudden, they just restricted all my operations on Binance. Only option is to transfer my cryptos into another trading platform. How I can transfer my money back to my account? Zero supportZero empathy Zero helpThe worst support I have recieved in years. Reps and Sups are just parrots repeating the same words again and again. 6 hours on the chat to be told the exact same thing. I can not believe a big company cares so less about the interests of the user. I won't be surprised if this company goes bankrupt in the future due to unprofessional ethics and inexistent support.

Worst company ever created. No customer service only fkin robots who cant speek, I just waiting since month for a simple case... AVOID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PS: I never ever wrote a review about smth. This is the 1st time.

Would NOT recommend. Hardly ever let’s me log in, WONT LET ME WITHDRAW MY MONEY, very unstable. Log in issues are constant. Stay away, and other much more reliable platforms. I recommend Coinbase.

Impossible to withdraw from, cannot contact any human there, absolutely dreadful customer service.

I was having a straightforward experience until I had an issue in their P2P trades, the seller didn't release, customer service are absolute retaards, they got every proof they needed, I recorded my screen twice logging in to the 3rd party service.., I had an emergency exchange and they dragged it for an entire day, the funds are still not released and the CS are just saying to the seller "last warning, you have 2 hours" it has been a day and still my funds are stuck.. Migrating slowly to smaller platforms as it's too scary to trust these people with my savings..

Locked me out of my account and now I can't access my funds, as good as daylight robbery.

I had been a user for years , buying , selling throughout the first years of binance they were great but now they have become a central bank for themselves , terrible costumer service , there is no email either no way of contacting them and now they have blocked my account because I don't have a european passport and they dont accept the id card either , overally dissapointed by centralised exchanges like these hope to open my own someday where we can set the money flow freely.

Scamming robbing buastards always asking to verify account now they saying my log in details are wrong .. they trying to steal my money!! avoid these chunts

don't like the experience of using itas during the market fluctuations, i was unable to place selling orderlost some funds due to it

If you have an issue, you are screwed. Everything is automated, unable to speak to a human.Avoid

They need authentication.I’ve sent them my passport, electric bill, driver license, bank statement and they STILL cannot verify my address. I now understand they are Phishing.

Outstanding crypto exchange! Lots of different crypto pairs, very well maintained and functional website as well as mobile apps. Very reasonable fees. Lots of staking opportunities. I have never had a problem with any transactions. Admittedly, I have never had to contact support either, so cannot comment on this side. They appear to try hard to comply with regulation, for example they are not allowing "Futures" - a regulated activity, for UK customers now. I am hopeful however that they will pass the regulation process in the near future.

Worsted experience I ever had on earth.I lost my goggle authenticator then I contacted the support to help me out, I was asked to upload my identity documents and email/phone number After providing those requested information, support started asking for irrelevant data which I can never be able to get (deposit video of each transaction made on my account, last deposited funds platform which it's sent from time and date)I regret using the platform

I love Binance, so easy to use. Never had any problems with it.

I regret joining the platform called @binance @cz_binance I lose my goggle authenticator, so I was unable to login my account I contacted the support to help me in opening my account so I can access my $2500 but they couldn't help me out 😢😭 I'm highly disappointed 😔

Pros and Cons Let me not be a cruel, I have been using Binance for about a year now. during normal use I give it 4 star moderate, having online technical issues and instead of sending critical updates and news they were sending nonsense news to the email, so sometimes you would have a pure heart attack when you wake up and your savings just become 0, you dig in find the chat bot goes through critical topics to find a person in charge and see yeah it is just an update, did they send you an email ? hell No, they were talking about how to invest more money on BNB and fill your email account with SPAM. anyhow, since 2 months ago Binance decided to increase the vitrification process by too far, asking the birthplace, as you might know many people born in countries which their government is under sanctions, they migrate for better life or political issues with dictators from their home country, and now Binance is asking to enter the birthplace, which according to even USA sanctions is against their law. No problem, I asked to give some time to convert my coins ( up to 25 different coins I held ) to USDT or BNB or even BTC to transport it all at once, BUT NO, you are not allowed to convert, you can only withdraw ! These ******, made me lose over 300€ already for transaction because they made a rule against all rules and forced it, FYI, there is no trading company beside binance that accept BNB. For those who wants to justify it, I am currently working in an American origin company and have BlueCard in Germany, and in process to get my GreenCard from USA, and then these Chinese Scam company comes by and freezes my assets based on US Sanctions. Not Recommended at all. So one the Cons for this company I will tell you I give it -25 ( I am sorry for disappointing you every customer service at Binance answer ). Save yourself sometime, I moved to Coinbase works like a charm. 4-25 = -19Xupdate> I see you are saying KYC is not allowing you, while it does not also allow you to do transfer for IRGC and their terrorist activities, but for them you do, just the people you don't scam Chinese company.I have the news here for you scammer: Crypto's Binance Helped Iranian Firms Trade $8 Billion Despite Sanctions.

they will block u and u wont be able to     withdraw ur cryptothey will aske u about videos with an immposible way to make it

Tried to create a account and was told I am NOT allowed to use their services. Now they are NOT allowing me to disable my account... and I sent my personal and very sensitive documents over to this "service"...

the fuckng best, please work on earn

I got Paid!! For the Project – Prosperity!

Tried to create a account and was told I am NOT allowed to use their services. Now they are NOT allowing me to disable my account... and I sent my personal and very sensitive documents over to this "service"...Edit : after emailing DPO, waited around 40  days and finally got a email asking me to open a chat with them so they can help me close my account. Even tough they already had photos of my documents, they asked again and made me write stuff on papers.... I NEVER used their service and never will.Your data and documents are not safe with Binance.

One of the BEST EXCHANGE Platform in d world. Competitive fees rate. Overall Best rates for Hodlers.. Savings, Staking, Dual Investment, liquidity pool Farming, Defi Staking etc. I am Satisfied client since 2019

Had a great experience with them. Very cool to have the Binance card and use it for shopping and exchange Crypto to Fiat.

Great website with wide range of services. very fast and very reliable. never had problem and im user for 5 years now. thanks for everything

the "support" ( if u wanna call it that) is useless.. i talked to them they lied they didn thelp but hey they are nice. they say pls. thanks. i understand u... but dont get fooled.. they are uselsss.they are keeping my funds now for 2 weeks. because of risk controle :D PA000001038. nobody ofc can tell me what THAT means. nobody can tell me how long that takes. and nobody really feels responsible

Trading with crypto is relatively easy, but keep your fiat currency away from this exchange - total nightmare in that sense. NEVER SEND OR TRY TO WITHDRAW ANY FIAT MONEY FROM THIS ECHANGE!

one that you can tell, part from the rest that this one is the real thing. you can even tell by the service and vid rage of products. they going for it, lets support them. thank you

very bad experience and worst support service i found so far on any crypto sitethey blocked my account for around month with no reason at all saying they detected security issue, and after provide them all unnecessary and suspicious proofs they asked from me they holded my ticket open for a month with very slow respondding from support and keep respond me by asking more and more things what have no sense at all and not related to the issue, after a month they opened account again but after so much wasting time and much loss to me for holding all my crypto for month with no access to them, worst company if we talk about transparent and support, maybe if suport more reliable would say its good but with this support i will never deal with them again for sure

I’ve used binance for the last two years of trading cryptos. I have never had a problem with the service until the last week.Depositing and transferring currencies into binance is a dream however when it comes to withdrawing your money, that’s a different story.It all started last Saturday when I attempted to withdraw my money from GBP back to my bank. I was surprised to see that it was asking to verify my bank again (had done this previously approx 12 months ago when I last withdrew, which had no problems). Disgruntled that it had to be done again but I was happy to oblige as I needed my money, fast. Moving on to the following Monday the £3 I deposited has arrived in my binance account showing the transaction had completed. I then went to withdrew again thinking everything should be verified now, and it is again asking me to verify my bank account. It’s now Wednesday and after 2 separate deposit attempts over the last 5 days and I’m still no closer to obtaining my money.The chat team on the app are a waste of time, they can see the deposit has been successful but can’t tell me why it’s not verified my bank and they ask me to do the process all over again. However, they have stated they WONT cover the fees incurred by myself for depositing multiple times even if it’s at their own fault.Overall this experience has left a sour taste in my mouth.

I still have money in binance and they won't let me withdraw it. I am a UK citizen with a UK bank account that is verified in binance.The reason they won't let me withdraw is there is "some error in their system" are the exact words of the chat helpers..and "they don't know what is going on" is another quote.My issue was sent to another department, another chat, for review. Still no success. Over a week later I was getting frustrated.Binance kept the support chat open..then after a few more days of their inactivity and ignoring my questions, they closed the chat. To date some money is still stuck in binance. I've transferred all the crypto to another service. I'd like to add that the help staff in the chat room, couldnt have sounded less informed or interested. It was really a new low for customer experience. Avoid, like you know what's good for you. This service is expensive, stressful and doesn't have the systems to deliver. They don't even have a support.

Binance is the worst crypto exchange and trading platform you can possibly imagine.If I could give 0 I would because binanace.com should be actually scam.com because this is NOTHING BUT A SCAM!I can't take out my money or even convert it to a stable coin due to a strange error "your account may be in risk please contact support" so I did contact support and guess what....they told me that they can't tell me the reason and I have to wait between 5 to 7 business days for an emails.On top of that, my account is fully verified and yet, they don't care about my time or more so keep away from Binance.com because it's a scam.

Binance.com is a pure scam!They disabled my account without any explanation.At the beginning they said that I'll get an email within 5 business days, it's 19 days already and now they say there's no estimation of time and I should wait.CRAZY SCAM! Stay away of binance because this is a pure scam!

worthless support, says wait for 48hours for binance card service supports, i waited the guy says wait for 12-24 hours, you need to stare at monitor for 24hours for a agent to come, what an actual joke, my binance account automatically turns off after 24hours, then i contacted again, they do the same loop wait for 48hours, then the guy gonna say same story, wait for 12-24hours, infinite loop, so my  order for a new card never came and the money i paid is gone. absolute disgusting scammers.

This is by far the sketchiest exchange in the entire world.Spent 4+ hours online talking to more than 3 different customer service representatives.They barely spoke English, and they didn't understand the basics of this technology in order to solve a problem they created.Stay away if you care about your sanity.

Binance froze my account with an amount of money. He asks me for documents and is silent. I can neither trade nor withdraw money. They told me to wait 24 hours, then 48 hours. And now it's been almost a week, and I can't access the assets. I have already started calling the media to speak on the news and talk about what binance allows itself.

Not worth it honestly. Their support is really bad!

The scammer was transferred all my Bitcoin from Binanace account total worth 20k US I reported to them. They are not taken any responsibility with my lost.The worst customer service I experienced.

NOT A LEGIT COMPANY, SCAMMER I transferred 50$ worth of crypto in to my personal wallet from Binance. They only transfer 27$ and kept 24$ worth of crypto for themselves. When query , they stated that that's their transaction FEES. Dont get scammed and avoid them completely.

Good. Ideal for beginners. One of the best crypto exchanges

Binance is certainly the biggest crypto exchange, but it most definitely is not the best. Far from it. Their customer service, in fact, is absolutely abysmal. If you can get through to their live support (which takes 15-20 minutes or even longer just to get through and get any response), even then you will be spent there waiting for them to respond. I have spent over an hour on multiple occasions, and that is beyond unacceptable. Oh and what is worse is that they create issues even when there is no issue, as if making the lives of their customers benefits them somehow. They are beyond incompetent, and their customer service is just terrible. I regret ever putting my money with them. Oh and you know what the cherry on top of this nightmare is? They don’t have any sort of formal complaints process. How does a financial organisation not have a complaints process? Yeah, think twice before using them. Even DeFi options like PCS and Uniswap is better than Binance. Or Coinbase, their service is better than this sorry excuse of a platform which only focuses on extracting money from its customers, but does the absolute minimum to resolve their issues. They used to be ok, but they have really gone down the drain over time, and only God knows how much worse they will get over time. Be careful about putting your money in them.

Binanc odin z top birje. Support good

Tried to make an account for myself but since I don't pay the bills and I could prove my residental address I couldn't open the account. Then I decided to make an account for my company and even when creating a new account with new gmail I for some reason still had to finish completing the first account?!After paying for a ordered bank statement I finally could prove my address but the document (that met all of the requirements) was declined in 90minutes. I wrote them again - waited 12 HOURS for an answer in support ''live chat'' only to be told that - ' 'Dear user, I did a review on your account, unfortunately you are ineligible to use Binance’s services due to an internal risk assessment or a geographic restriction, the decision is final. We are extremely sorry. Thank you and have a good day ahead.' 'A ton of people use it in my area and I provided all. the needed documents as does everyone else but suddenly I would be a internal risk? Total BS from Binance.

This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced anywhere. They locked my account and won't tell me why. Contact with their customer service only gets an automated reply. I have tried for weeks with no reply from someone who could help me!! I only gave 1 star because there isn't a spot for zero!!!!

Pretty much a data mining operation, verification goes as far as it needs to, as soon as u provide ur IBAN or ID nothing works anymore, no TAN per sms and nothingI'm just glad I didn't provide enough to charge my card.. Scamming scums...

Very expensive transfers. You can't get any full year tax report data from Binance without paying $60 to $100 to third party websites. That is, you need to pay a third party app, to see your own transactions in Binance! Been a customer for a couple of years, and am deeply disappointed. Coinbase would be more trustworthy.

I sent my crypto from BINANCE to my TRUSWALLET .. but the money never arrived! I checked twice and all the data is correct, TRUSTWALLET tells me it's the fault of the exchange, binance replies that it's not their problem! in short, they pocketed my crypto and don't want to know anything more!

Bloccano l account e i fondi senza dare spiegazioni. Surreale

Worst exchange and customer serviceI have used multiple exchanges and Binance is definitely the worst.

Very bad customer service, simply incompetent, ask you several times the same, not able to solve issues, wasting your time. I use other exchanges so I can compare and the Binance customer service is one of the worst.

I transferred some GBP into my Binance account and then wanted to withdraw it to another account. the withdrawal was blocked by Binance who, despite me being a verified user with a daily transaction limit far higher than the proposed transfer amount, wanted further verification through their useless facial recognition software. After about 20 failed attempts to get the software to function I contacted Customer Services.  Despite my confirmation of my phone number, email address, date of opening my account and the IP address used at that time, they asked me to provide a video containing certain information to verify my identity. I uploaded a video which wasn't good enough as my ID was not in view. I uploaded another video which was rejected as it was 196Mb and their maximum size is 180Mb, I uploaded a third video and the CS assistant said that it was being referred to another specialist as the matter is "complex".  Still not unlocked my account after over 2 hours corresponding with Binance. It is the middle of the night in the UK (0243 to 0445), so their traffic cannot be high.  After over 2 hours they said that the account had been unlocked and that the withdrawal could go ahead. I tried to withdraw the coins, but received a message saying that the address was blocked for 24 hours. Absolutely useless service. How hard can it be?  Very tedious. Very poor systems.  Update: account unlocked after 150 minutes. Poor.

Zero!!! At first they show that by depositing money its cheaper to buy crypto. but when you deposit after hefty fees, EUR in my case, they ask to convert to USD to buy crypto just so that when i convert it allows only to buy crypto with card. And initially I wanted to buy directly with card but it didnt want. USELESS AND RIPPOFS GIVE MY MONEY BACK!! THIEFS!

Rejected my verification because of my country of birth, which is racist and now I'm stuck with withdrawing my assets which will probably be spent on withdrawal fees. Nobody informed me that I will not be able to use my account before I deposited and therefore, it is their mistake. Not trusted at all!

A complete fraud stay away!They'll lock you out and they'll tell you to with 2 weeks for an email that will never arrive.The costume support team is responsive but can't help this is a big fraud that the authorities need to know about!Binance is fraud and not safe don't put you money in Binance.

Do not use this company!!!! I used this company for 3 years, made regular deposits,  and traded on the site, I was asked to verify my identity,  no problem, I uploaded id, passport, etcThen my account is frozen, Over £12k gone , Lost I made numerous emails and chats to sort out my account, nothing I sent in was acceptable enough...This company is happy enough to take your money... but then so is any other scammer... DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY,  YOU WILL LOSE YOUR MONEY

*Summary*The Binance trading app is excellent. Impressive work.  Convert pairs is easy.  Their Earn section provides easy access ( Dual Investment, Staking, Liquidity Pool, and others).FIAT in and out has been pure hell. Working in one country and loving in another (cross border worker) caused problems because I sent EUR in from my EU bank but am UK resident for tax. Their system dictates that deposit and withdrawals currency, and the currency one can buy coins with must be from the country of residence. This meant I cannot use my EU EUR accounts to fund crypto purchases. I must use my UK GBP account.  Nightmare because I get paid in EURs! Therefore I must transfer money from EU via Wise into my bricks and mortor UK account to fund Binance:  Binance dislike TransferWise and Revolut for withdrawals.  *Details of pain and suffering *Passed initial KYO and verification, which lulled me into a false sense of security.Deposited 3 GBP from my bank.Bought some BNB and did a successful test send of a small amount to an external wallet. Details below. **Binance refuses to verify bank account**The problem started when I tried to test a withdraw of GBP back to my bank , and was asked to verify my bank. I spent 4 days with support on two tickets for the same problem. They kept saying:"Dear user, there is a system glitch that happens with a low probability, and it is resolved now. We would recommend you to make another deposit to bind your bank account at your convenience. Thanks."I deposited 3 GBP as they requested and the bank still did not verify.  I contacted support again but was put on hold in a queue for 48 hours. The agent said again the same message:"Dear user, there is a system glitch that happens with a low probability, and it is resolved now. We would recommend you to make another deposit to bind your bank account at your convenience. Thanks."  I had to use a GBP account in a UK bricks and morter bank.*Missing withdrawals*I withdrew EUR 53 to my credit card on the 1/4/2022.  It never arrived.  I raised a dispute with Binance. Nothing happened.  Ticket number 86948738Because they blocked UK banks from funding, e.g debit credit cards,  I was forced to use Revolut and transfer wise. However I could transfer in from some mainstream banks over FasterPayment.  I  made a few transfers and withdrawals using bank transfer or card, and felt I had some confidence in the system.  This seems to be their game: Because I felt I had confidence in the system, I then started transferring large amounts of GBP and EUR into the account.  As soon as I do this, and now that the amount of money was the value that I could be held hostage over, they blocked Fiat deposits and withdrawals .  The amounts for only £200. They then asked for more photo verification (passport was not enough) and proof of funds such as my bank statements. This is KYC gone insane.  This is disproportionate. If I had invested thousands upon thousands of pounds in the company, then I would understand them being a bit twitchy. But £200 is not exactly a record sum.  The actual customer service agents are incredibly patient and helpful.  They are great! However they must adhere to what Binance says and does.  I admire The CSRs' professionalism and patience.Binance replied to my review with this: "On the other hand, it would be very encouraging for us if you rate us with 5 stars."Why should I do this when the problems were left unaddressed?

I do not recommend using them. They are selling themselves as the biggest crypto exchange platform but their systems are trash.

Their referral program doesn't pay you as they promise.The learn and earn quizzes doesn't pay you as they promise.They say they can do a lot of things but in reality they can't really do much. It's surprising how Crypto Exchanges are the best brokers at earning FIAT money.To be fair their staking options is the best I have seen so far.

Hello,I tried to withdraw from Binance… just a test withdrawal to see how it works after i decided to try and give it a start with a small amount of 5,000$ As i have very law knowledge about the market.I tried to Withdraw only 50$, it took me 2 weeks and after that support finally answered me in 3 days after lot of emails and texts in their support chat ….. they told me sorry The request timed out , please try again later….. tried again… almost 4 days and nothing, and its a withdrawal on my credit card… idk why…. I tried to deposit again 100$ to check, And i received a message ( sorry this page uses security to prevent from attacks ) and they didnt accept and 3 days ago texted them( they said okay we will check why is that happening ) transferred me to 10 different agents… and the answer is” we are sorry we cant help you in withdrawing or depositing “ we will just register you a case and gave me number asked to save it and the counter was counting (24hrs) …. Its been 3 days and totally no replying, no answering Tried emailing and texting in chat and nobody is replying ..Awful platform Awful assistance ( cant understand how support tells me sorry we dont know how to help ) Answering me very rude They dont want to support or they are not free to answer me idk whats the reason But comparing to other platforms like Kraken or Coinbase i got answers within 5 mins and when they saw that i didnt reply ( Kraken sent me an Email ) and solved my documents problem within 5 mins

Terrible customer support. If you have a binance card you should only use it in the groceries store, if there's any chance that you will get a refund from the company you order something from, you will never see your money again.I just got this from them:"Your case is being transferred to a specialistEstimated waiting time 12-24 HoursPlease do not end the chat during the wait. Otherwise, you will have to queue again."How is this possible in the 21th century?Isn't it criminal activity?

Traded all coins to EUR, which was all fine yesterday. This morning my coins and EUR amount was without the 40 euro's I have traded yesterday. The 40 euro is no where to be found and in traded history only the transaction from BTC to EUR is visible (which is correct), but the money is no where to be found in the wallet. Where did my money go and why is it not possible to reach any actual person from binance for actual support????

The support team was unable to assist me with a technical issue with the Android app, they reported my problem to a technician and as a result nothing changed after 3 weeks. I will add also that they have tragic website, please fix every bug it is very unprofessional for such a company.

I have been using Binance for a while, recently I have had to verify again. I have been waiting for almost 3 weeks for the verification to complete. Moreover, on the app it tell me that my acc. Is Verified however, I can’t use any of the functions. UTC keeps moving forward everyday. No support available on this matter. Disappointing from such a big company.

They accept all kind of deposits easy without any verification. But this is almost on every online trading platform the same. Easy to make deposits, difficult and a huge procedure to make withdrawals. They post SEPA withdrawal transfer but they banned for an example Switzerland which is on their list. So they are lying with a service which they don't provide. I sent two screenshots to the live chat but the customer service was not smart enough to realize this mistake or even to suggest a useful solution or forward it internal for their customers. SEPA withdrawal would be the cheapest way but now they only allow the most expensive withdrawal methods. They use Advcash.com third party service where you have to open a separate account with all the necessary verification procedure. Withdrawals on credit cards they only accept VISA. So overall very customer unfriendly. Also you are only able to convert Crypto currencies into Fiat currency Euro and not into USD if you are a EU citizen. Funny is withdrawals in Euro they only accept Visa credit card or Advcash. USD they only accept the most expensive SWIFT bank transfer for EU customers. Also their own Wallet extension is a big joke and absolutely not useful. You cannot send Cryptos to a third party Cryptos account or wallet. Also you only can receive Cryptos from other Binance users. The third party wallet from Trustwallet they suggest and support is anyway not trustful or serious and also a big joke. Many customers lost money or the Cryptos never arrived. Overall Binance is absolutely not professional or customer friendly but this problem we have at the whole Crypto or online investment market. There is only a suck out strategy from the suppliers ad providers platforms. I hope the Governments will ban all Cryptos Worldwide and create an international uniformly digital currency regulation or just stop Cryptos and digital currencies overall. Right now there is a big mess and a "garbage" on digital currencies where thousands of providers have a different procedure and different kind of tools which are not connected together.

Giving 1 star, only because there is no negative score. Only one word "CRAP". Dodgy as, this mob. Also, there is a mob trading as SAGATRADE. Could be in cahoots together or someone is impersonating binance.

My work colleague had several thousand pounds worth of crypto removed from his account.  Binance basically washed their hands of it, saying it was his own fault, and refused to trace the money despite implying they knew where it went.  I find it difficult to understand how this can happen considering the verification checks that are carried out prior to opening an account.  Due to this and their below par customer service, I'll be taking my custom elsewhere.

I was really wonder...My Wife gave me a (smartphone) i dont use them couse they r really smart...SO!!!Is anyone using the app except for something else except the qr to fast login to the pc????(50 years ago the manufacturer explained how to adjust the valves...Now they warn you not to drink the battery fluids...)

My account has been verified successfully with a bunch of docs. The account is completely verified for deposit/withdraw fiat currencies! And I can deposit/withdraw crypto almost unlimited. However, I can't use my account with fiat currency (EUR). I can't make trades and conversions with EUR, I can't deposit or withdraw EUR via bank transfer by SEPA. I always get the following message: "Service not Available. Due to risk controls, the function is currently not available for your account. (PA000001038)". What? What the hell?! Currently, I can only fund deposit in EUR from my bank card, but I can't do anything with EUR on the balance. Just nothing. I cannot even withdraw EUR, because my bank card is Mastercard! Why can't I use EUR on my fully verified account? Why is my account implicitly restricted? I don't understand. There are no any answers. I don't understand what the hell is going on!I wrote to the support chat and they just put me in a queue for 12-24 hours. However, I'm waiting over two days! Nobody cares. This exchange doesn't seem to need customers. I'm very sad.

These scammers in here are so useless…tried 20x verification and never approved. Mobile app is just piece of sh…t. So crap!!!! Customer support sucks! Honestly spent 2h and not able to do a single task or work with. Avoid. For all cost…completely scammers. I wouldn’t employee any single person in there. So stressful!!!!

What a scammers. Having this account for over 5 years they make me verify again. And guess what, they won't verify it. Internet, water, electricity bills all sent and still not verified.

All good thanks

Avoid if you're in the UK. Binance used to be good, but they now randomly block access to your account claiming that you're in the USA. They use a whois database to lookup your IP location but many UK ISPs have registered offices in the USA. Even though your IP will show your location is in the UK, Binance will claim that youre in California, lock your account features and stop you using your account. This is a very basic issue that can be fixed in a matter of minutes yet after 2 weeks of support chat they still ask to delete cookies and blame the user. This means that during this time, you will lose significant amounts of money and crypto if the price falls because you won't be able to sell.Avoid using Binance if you're in the UK for trading at all costs

I was attempting to verify my details and kept failing verification even using multiple documents with name,address etc as was asked and on their list of acceptable documents. After this I contacted a live chat with customer support. I spent around 20-30 minutes of zero communication after being asked to "wait one moment while I contact the relevant team". When the customer support person actually responded after contacting the relevant team they then asked for another document, I supplied this and waited another 10 minutes to receive a failed verification request via e-mail and a message "It's with great regret that your application for verification was rejected" from the customer support agent on the live chat! Best for last of course I was asked for the same document again and when I sent it I was placed in a queue with a 6-12 hour queue time to speak to a specialist!! That was enough for me already but then I came here to see if I was just unlucky with the person I got on the other end of the line, but after reading these reviews on here I disabled my account and uninstalled the app from my phone. Why have someone who isn't capable of doing what I clearly set out in the request ticket in the first place? And who has 6-12 hours to wait to speak to a "verification specialist"?? Closing the chat window put you out of the queue aswell!

Very bad and frustrating experience during the verification proces! Tho I'm not willing to invest more than 50 thousand, they made it painful by the "address  verification" which I provided a proof of twice! Neither the bank statement is as they'd like nor the salary slip is satisfying!! There are plenty of other platforms..

This was my first time buying crypto and Binance couldn't possibly have made it more painful.Their verification process was an absolute nightmare and when I finally got verified they wouldn't accept my credit card even though everyone else accepts it. They made me wait 12 hours to get support for my card and all they did was say "we don't support your card" and closed the chat, refusing to re-open it.Stay away from Binance. They don't want your business and have no interest in fixing their terrible operation.

Binance is absolutely terrible in every imaginable way. NEVER USE IT.

Have had a great experience with Binance throughout my time using it. Is a little complicated for someone not used to crypto initially, but you get used to it after a while

no support agent, no personal chat. you are alone, i tried to contact even by facebook but, you have only a form with "the most asked questions"

they have the most bad customer support chat and specially the verification team !! I stayed with them more than 3 hours !! to verify only the adress , i sent them many bills and many proof of adress and they still ignore me. After 3 hours they asked me if i want to delete my account send selfie !! Really ! after all of that wasting time you are asked me to delete my account instead of speeding up the process of verification !! Guys go to Etoro or any other platforms stay away from binance

Terrible service, I tried to make a cash withdrawal to the bank account linked that is in my name which kept failing. I spoke to the customer service that where about as much help as an ashtray on a motor bike they told me to send a video holding my ID (driving license) saying my name the amount the date and which email address was linked with the account , I obliged. They then asked for me to find my first deposit transaction that was over 2 years old which was from a Coinbase account that I can't even log in too because my phone number has changed (will take up to 72 hours) and show a recording of my face then logging in and the transaction ID on screen. What a joke haha as soon as the funds are back in my bank account they'll be getting some choice words and instructed to close my Binance account. What a nightmare!!!

The site is very poor, problems, with 2 factor authentication, I would trust putting too much money in this.

I had a good experience with binance personally. My only problem is the auto log out which is happening too frequently these days. I needed to urgently withdraw funds this one time but it took me time which led to a few problems for me.

I opened an account with Binance yesterday ...i spent hours trying to credit my account...2 debit cards and one credit cards ..nothing works plus bank transfer didn't give you a full choice of crypto

No issues, super fast withdrawals

I can't withdraw money from my account this is going on over a week now they keep sending silly suggestions trying to put me off and now won't answer me at all..It's con

The faster payment page says 15 minutes to 2-3 hours.......7 hours later I had to contact the live support which is hard to get to 'LIVE CHAT' if you don't find out how to do that elsewhere from somebody on YouTube. You have to click on different topics on the support and say 'not resolved' until you get a person.The customer service team say please wait 24 hours!!!!!!! This is supposed to be a faster payment service......what a joke......so my money is lost in process which makes me very nervous.......if I made a 'FASTER PAYMENT' to any other business It would be credited almost immediately. This is dodgy.

I am new to cryptocurrency trading. I have however some successful experience at buying and selling shares online. I have had an experience at Binance that I have never had before. The process of selling a portion of the position that I purchased is just too technically demanding. I can't figure out how to do it! I can't sell part or whole of the cryptocurrency that I bought. I have above average IQ and I am an experienced Internet user, but it is to no avail with Binance. I would like to hear from others as to whether this is just a con and that is all there is to it!

Complete rip off. Do not try using this company with a Mastercard. With your Mastercard oh you can put in as much money as you like but here’s the catch you cannot withdraw any funds at all with your Mastercard (makes sense) and here’s catch 2 you can only use visas to withdraw BUT you can only use the card that made the deposit to withdraw your funds so I’ve paid a load of money in that’s now stuck and locked on there scam of a site that I can’t withdraw. Customer service are of no help at all nothing can be done but they tell you rubbish about use it to trade or buy and sell to some 3rd party who can send it to your bank. Absolute complete scam don’t ever put any of your hard earned money into this ridiculous company. Wow the replied after one year 😂

They simply block my account with no reason , no answer to emails , no phone , no customer support Warning ⛔️ warning ⛔️ you lose your money soon or late , cash out while you can

My account was compromised and they have blocked me from creating a new account. They refuse to accept my valid documents for a new account. Very disappointing after trading and supporting  them for over 3 years

Carefully people's. SCAM SCAM SCAMBefore they are worked under name "Share Founders", you can still found a lot information about this thief's.

Good for speed, but excessive KYC

So easy to buy, impossible to sell!! Do not trust them. Money lost!! Total fraud. Do not use it!!!

Such a complicated website which has prevented me from withdrawing money for months because of them being banned by various banks, not accepting MasterCard in the UK, needing me to pay them money to verify my own bank account.Really convoluted, confusing and expensive process.Will not be using again once my money is out.

Binance do not know the meaning of "Faster Payments". In UK this term is used to mean a payment that arrives instantly, or in the absolute worst case scenario, within 2hrs. Sent £5k and paid the £2 fee for "Faster Payments".Tried to raise a support ticket but it says I need to wait 24hrs for my payment to show; suddenly they have decided that Faster Payments take 1 business day! Sorry Binance but 24hrs is NOT a Faster Payment.Update: Deposit arrived 22 hours after it was sent.

New Bank transfer (faster payments) total rubbish, transfer your funds and God knows the route it takes to get in your account, 'faster payments' it is not avoid, use an exchange like Kraken Okx or Hoo.

When I read some Reviews about Binance then Im just wondering. I use Binance since years and hold stable coins in savings, have some staking running and trade spot via API. Never even one problem! Verification without any complaints! Deposit and withdrawals no problems. I deposit and withdraw with the P2P option and it works great and no additional fees. Im merchant there and sell and buy stable coins without any complain. Of course, other exchanges offer higher interest rates for stable coins, but for me still the best provider, the product range is unique. And if you are not sure, you can spread your risk a bit. Crypto always has the risk "impermanent loss", never forget it.

They're great but can be a bit slow and flaky when they suddenly require verification and you send them absolutely legit verification documents. Not good if you have funds with them but can't access them while waiting.

Very good. Recommended! 5+

I am using binance for a long time. No issues occurred.Easy to buy and sell crypto.

Check the FCA.org.uk website ruling that this company are NOT allowed to trade in the UKThis is a scam. Do not invest with these guys.

Binance suspended my account a month ago, I can't open my account and I can't even withdraw my money, the support team tells me that they don't even know why my account is suspended!I contacted the support team daily, and they say the same thing every day, plus they reply after a whole day to my messages.I even tell them when this problem will be solved, the support team says it does not know?! who knows then!Binance has no credibility and deals poorly with customers.I am currently going to hire lawyers to escalate this case to the court.

Easily the best. Have been using for a long time!

Просто заебало

scammers, the most manipulated exchange ever, its a tragedy that they allow to get away with it

Impossible to get your money out verification after verification to be rejected  . Authentication app doesn’t link . I’m glad I’m not the only one who is demented with this company .

Honestly how is it possible to make an app that's so completely impossible to use ? I have lost ALL faith and just want my money OUT ! As most people I can't get through KYC / Authentication for the umpteenth time ! As soon as I do I am removing everything and closing my account ! If your here looking to open a new account please save yourself a world of pain and forget it !

they have refused my kyc documents for no obvious reasons!!

Tempting to go into the entire (ongoing) attempts to close my account and get my money out of Binance and into an exchange that isn't horribly flawed, but let's just say its tedious beyond belief.I honestly believe they are trying to make it hard in the hope people give up. I've successfully verified including passport etc twice and when I went to transfer my balance out it now suspended the account whilst awaiting verification again.

Stole my money.  They sent a text that someone is trying to make a withdrawal on my account and if it wasn't me to cancel the transaction. I followed their instructions only to find out that they actually led me to confirming the withdrawal and not cancelling it.  The text message came from the same number where they would send verification code so I can confirm they took my money.  What a scam!

They brought in new verification regulations and refuse my documents for no reason. They say if your account is unverified and restricted you can still withdraw, but you can't. I have contacted chat and they say the only way is to complete verification. I am taking legal action.

I like binance platform. 💯👍

excellent webite, good for buying selling and tradiong

Poor cs...submitted bank statement and driving licence for verification...then asking me for 3 months bank statement WHYYY? THE BANK STATEMENT SHOWS MY ADDRESS AND DRIVING LICENCE SHOWS MY ADDRESS WHY DO YOU NEED 3 MONTHS OF STATEMENT? AM I MORTGAGING A HOUSE FROM YOU GUYS?

For me, everything works like a charm with Binance. The customer service is always available and helpful. The fees are the lowest out there. Great exchange!

again they decline every peace of info they get and that being passport/ID from goverment, bank statements and now they also want the last 3 months of transactions on your account and they wont transfer BTC to my account no matter what.never trust these people because everything that is in theree faqs are just lies that they wont accept it.

Careful If you apply for NFT on their platform, they will ask you to send an open link for the public of your google drive account. this is SO ILLEGAL and considered SOLICITING. I will file a report to the FCA, as I live in Europe, even though they are not regulated but the FCA will give them a hell on earth for such requirements

On Binance, it is impossible for me just getting the identification done... Over the Laptop, even I have the MSI GL65 Leopard is not possible, because the image is too blurry, over my Samsung A7 also not possible because it permits only the front-side camera and photo is blurry, over the App is also not possible, sending a ready photo of passport failed and the picture of my backside camera failed also... Even under the best video light... Sure, there is no support... After reading all of the reviews... Thank you, this is exactly what I don't want.

Treating people according to their nationality, very shameful.I’m a UK resident and my nationality is Syrian so they ask me to withdraw my crypto in 6 days because I’m Syrian .

No idea why there are so much bad reviews. Binance is the best around with low fees and almost every coin that u need to invest

Do not use this anymore. If anyone report on support for any transaction they will block your account. They will never listen you. Even that is a fake report.One of the fuc*king App and support.Motherch**d close my account without my fault. Never allow me to give them proof that I do not have any fault. MotherFu*c*ker's only listening that fake person. Who scammed me and Binance help him.Allah will Justice for it. Inshallah.

I bought some Lite, Tron and BTC some years ago with the idea of just letting it sit and grow. When the market took off in late 2020 I started checking on my account. I was told as a resident of the USA my account was transferred to Binance U.S. from Binance. I've been trying to track my coins down since then, but both keep pointing the finger at the other. I'm out of those great earnings, but also my initial money invested. Nobody knows anything and blames the other.

It’s the most complex account ever. I have a Revolut account and I can easily buy and sell crypto, and transfer it straight to my bank. I have absolutely no idea how to withdraw my money from Binance to my bank account. Ridiculous!

Won't delete my personal data when deleting my account. They keep it forever. I live in EU so do they really comply with GDPR? I will sue them.

PIRATES In one word try as hard as I can I can’t withdraw the money I’ve got in Binance they want  pictures of my personal finance account statements …Drivers license …passport …THEY ARE THIEVES…Making it as difficult as possible to get your money back DO NOT USE THEM !!

Won't delete my data, won't stop sending me emails despite multiple contact attempts to support. Terrible support. Not sure how they are in business honestly.Many better exchanges, go elsewhere.

Love the platform Everything is simple and easy

Completely fake futures and manipulation, should be considered illegal but it's unregulated so they can get away with it. Probably a larger scale operation than initially thought, but these guys will lure you in to play 100x leverage then their partners will come in and trade against you and steal all of your money. Use this site with caution

The website is horrible, for whatever action it keeps opening new windows. The login process is always painful, often needing to restore passwords. It is really hard to navigate both in the website as well as the app.

I like this P2P crypto marketplace always best service

The new facial recognition check they are doing are really dodgy and are not safe.  Binance uses a third party app to do the check who then keep and store your biometric data for their own use, which is obviously not safe as it should be deleted and not stored by some random company.I see Bianance replied and they can say it is for our safety but how can sending your photo graphic ID with biometric data to a random company based in Texas who will keep this sensitive data and use for their own use be safe in any way.  The third party app they use is banned for storing any citizens of Texas biometric data but they can store data from anyone who does not live in Texas, so Texas protects its own citizens with laws but these laws do no apply to people in Europe so the company keeps your biometric data.Think about it, this company could be hacked or employees could steal your biometric data which would expose all Binance customers to fraud!This data should not be stored in anyway and also Binance should not be forcing their customers to use this app under threat that the account will be restricted.  I had to move my crypto out of Binance into another exchange and I was unable to purchase the same alt coins that I had in Binance which ended up costing me thousands of pounds. I tried contacting Binance on their customer services but the staff just fobbed me off with an email address which I never got a reply from and Binance do not care about their customers in my experience.

Total rubbish! Created an account and deposited some funds. Now it won't let me login as it says password is incorrect. That's not true as I use a password manager and copied it from there. Can't change the password as it always says there's 'an issue' Can't believe I lost money on this piece of crap.

Talking about GDPR if they handle your personal data like this imagine what they are doing with your transactions.

They are currently offering bribes to naiive users to carry out invasive and immoral 'Know Your Customer' ID checks.The supposed NFT you will 'get' in return is nothing more than a blockchain ID card with your face scan on it!This is not something anyone should ever submit to.This is the sort of thing normally reserved for communist China!Don't be fooled by the deceptive NFT offer!

glad payid works here and I am happy with investments

So its a long story but a good one.Yesterday 1-2-2022 I had logged in that morning, I got my savings, stakings etc. new deposits etc.Later that evening I got a email from them that I bought a NFT, all my crypto where gone so I contacted the support etc. They told me that someone had some access to my account but you can't logging without any SMS CODE.. Also you can't make any transfers without all of my 3 codes; sms code, email code and authenticator code.. They couldnt't tell me from where there was logged in, how this could happen or from wich country the NFT is bought.They couldnt tell me anything, the only thing they said over and over again was that someone hacked me and they couldnt tell me anything more and that I should go to the police.. I have a NFT that I cant sell, I lost my 1 million shiba inu and other crypto currency's.They are not trust worthy and there security after everything I did to secure my account is very very bad! They come with a solution either so im really f...

I am having trouble with kyc verification. I have been waiting for days. It is urgent. I posted more than 4 support tickets. No answers yet.

I believe and since long time ago that Binance is playing in crypto market prices, what to go down and what to go up and for their own benefits only, the long futures and else, i hate how human can get so greedy when they own more than they need and still want more and more, the market now look so desperate and people begin to leave when they note that something is wrong, because evil reveals it self in the end and won't last, you still can be rich and untouched you greedy souls, and money will keep flowing around if you allow us to earn some decent cash too, i repeat nothing lasts forever, try to take your hands off for god sake, think about a poor guy somewhere is putting all is hope and savings in a specific coin or token that will make his life better and lift him up from the darkness he lives in.

best for exchange , trading and p2p

This Chinese Company should investigate for fraud and money laundering.

Asked for more documents after 5 years of using them. I must of sent the same documents 20 times. #widebirth.

better options on the market but I like the interface

Been trying for over a year to get though to someone to withdraw my money and close the account. Emails don't go through,no to speak to and online chat is a load of nonsense

Utterly useless customer service. ID verification staffed by incompetent imbeciles. Avoid at all costs

hard verification, would like to see much easier one, like on other platforms

excellent app, working perfectly

GoodAwesome

Not able to withdraw fiat - and not able to contact company - stuck in an endless loop ...

great app, buying and selling made easy

Unusable in the UK. I tried many times with my cards and my bank accounts but it gets refused. Also, I think they still need to get compliant with Uk regulations, which is taking ages. Very disappointed, waste of time!

working perfectly well, great app for buying and selling , even p2p

decent but sometimes crashes during extreme volatility

NEVER EVER USE GOOGLE AUTH, i just lost 4 hours providing videos of everything they wanted. half of which not related to the binance account. i have login, password, sms auth, email auth and to delete the google auth as i don't have access to the phone where it was installed i have to loose 4 hours for these time wasters? hell no. tonight i'm withdrawing everything from binance and running away. worst service ever.

not bad but could be better with verification part

verification is simple and platform has a lot to offer

Scam.  Stay far away.  You will never be contacted and you will never get your money back. Ever.

good but sometimes transaction gets blocked

Rascim platform.I'm giving 2 star just because of the last agent I spoke with.This platform has a racism policy. Because of my birth country they disabled my account directly as you think it's a choice even my residents card is a British card.I wanted to delete my data, I would not be happy if my official document stayed with this kind of platforms so I asked costumer service for help.Tow agents from customer service refused to delete my data and wasn't helpful at all but the last one was really helpful and understood.

unable to buy crypto from Visa cardtried it for two days withoud succes, Bitvavo works a lot better

Binance is by far the worst and most usless trading platform. Their verification process makes absolutely no sense and forces you to download their extremely slow and laggy mobile app. The mobile app contains alot of what I suspect to be uncompressed code, and after 10 minutes of waiting for it to load I just gave up. Not very appealing to a new customer, and gives off the impression that the larger service is probably extremely poor if they can't even grasp the basic concept of creating an efficient registration system

Worst customer support ever. I have more than 2000 euros in euro on the platform I am not able to use because of a technical problem on their side. I am reporting this issue to the customer support and their only response is to ask me to wait that the bug is fixed. It has been more than two days that my money is blocked, this service is way worse than a bank. I am dependent on a dodgy exchange to be able to use my money...

Terrible verification system. Constantly stuck in a loop with cheap auto system applying no logic. This company has wasted so much of my time i just think what is the point of crypto. It supposed to make things safe and easy but its actually the complete opposite

Avoid at all costs, used the app to buy some crypto, they then asked me to verify my account after using the app for a few months but have been unable to do so, so I am now unable to access my money to withdraw it. Their customer support is non existent and when it is, they aren't very helpful. Would recommend 'Coinbase' as an alternative.

Not able to transfer funds, because I have a Dutch passport. I am not living in the Netherlands and have no financial attachements to the Netherlands. On chat they said, if you have another passport you can transfer money. Not if you are DutchThat is called discrimation by origin. Forbidden by law, but Binance still does this.

how you do to make confidence to that company ?

Satisfied with the exceptional quality

They manipulated the market and steal all your money

Binance cannot be trusted. We have been informed that this company (Binance) is under the supervision of the authorities.How do you withdraw your money from Binance?It may be a new message for those who haven't been much involved with crypto lately, but Binance has been under fire from various types of regulators around the world for some time.According to DNB, Binance even operates illegally in the Netherlands.This has ensured that it is now (temporarily) no longer possible to transfer Euros to your bank account on Binance via SEPA bank transfer.Binance is in terrible trouble in the Netherlands. The same applies to several countries.Bitcoin exchange Binance can't pay out users from the United Kingdom, just like the rest of EuropeBinance users in the UK cannot withdraw money in British Pounds. The exchange has notified affected customers by email. There are problems with the Faster Payments Network (FPN). To all UK Binance customers: Welcome back to Europe.The rest of Europe can no longer withdraw money from Binance, at least via bank transfers. The troubles started last month, when Binance was reprimanded by the British financial watchdog. The warning was about certain Binance derivatives products. Think about taking positions with leverage.Banks ban paymentsSince that warning, several UK financial institutions have taken action. Both Barclays and Santander U.K. recently started banning fiat transactions to Binance. Customers of these banks were informed about this from the banks themselves, and if they had any questions they could direct them to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).

working well so far , a bit high commission in wire transfer .

Been with binance for over a year. Absolutely hands down the best and most reliable crypto exchange of the 5 I have tried. Staking rewards are great and I cannot believe the low ratings here.

Been a loyal Binance customer for several years now, but enough is enough. Withdrawls seem to be consistently "suspended" for a variety of reasons.. when you ask customer service for any additional information or expected lead-time, you get absolutely no feedback in return. TOTALLY unacceptable! Save yourself the headache and steer clear!!

Really poor. Withdrawals seem to be suspended all the time. This is a total nightmare if, for example, you want to buy crypto for an NFT drop (although you might need to withdraw for any number of other time-sensitive reasons). Sometimes the withdrawals are suspended for days on end and you get no warning at the time you purchase the crypto that you will not be able to withdraw it to your wallet. There is no customer service to speak of for this matter and Binance do not ever mention these suspensions on their Twitter. Avoid

I bought a small amount  of Bitcoin in late December 2021.A short time later I attempted to withdraw the said Crypto and  have had issues ever since. That was 3 weeks ago and still they  are blocking  my  withdrawal.I did the same transaction amount with another high  profile Crypto platform and it was done in minutes. I believe I  have been scammed by Binance. I suggest  to avoid them like Covid.Update(9/01/2023) ,after 12 months Binance has been in touch to try to smooth things over. It took 3 months for me to be able to withdraw my funds from Binance. Immediately after I did the withdrawal,I received an email telling me that I am no longer welcome with Binance Australia. Could it be that Binance doesn`t like being called out when they treat a customer like a perpetrator? I don`t believe that  anyone likes to be bullied. It appears to me that Binance is fine until there is some sort of problem. After that they are extremely difficult to deal with. That was my experience anyway.

This b%stards disabled my p2p for no reason, when i ask why it was disabled, they said I violated privacy policy. I asked these terrible company to show me from their terms where I violated their terms and conditions so i can read and take the L, they keep saying my activity resulted to my account disability. Did anybody report me for fraud? NO, did anybody complained that I received coin without payment? NO so explain to me why you willingly deactivated my account with my coins in it, she turned off the chat and sent me automated messages saying your account has been deactivated and our decision is final. I was like damn😳 Avoid this jerks if you can, they will lock you out for nothing, they won’t allow you to explain or hear you out, they make decisions according to the amount in your account. No wonder their ceo was recently added to the worlds richest person. Getting rich with peoples money.

Dreadful experience just trying to sign up to the dust binance site. Dear god never had such a frustrating experience. Stay clear of this muppet out fit only bad things can come from it.

I like this service, the only thing I dont lilke is that the user interface is hard to see through and that the card history is rather plain. But overall the service is great

Very high withdrawal fees, bad support and they always suspend withdrawals when there is an airdrop coming up to keep it for themselves. Sadly it’s still one of the best exchanges. You can trust them, but not too much.

Benn trying to contact their support for weeks and have received no reply. Shocking.

Best of all best

Allow you to deposit with mastercard, but don't allow you to withdraw to one. I wasn't told this. or it was not clear enough. Will not use binance again. this sort of tomfoolery and having control of your own cash is why people want to use crypto, not to be siloed into choices by big organisations. get stuffed.

Withdrawal is horrible.Basically, they hold hostage with your fund for a long time, way longer than they showed in the estimation.

Very bad experience with these guys and causing a lot of anxiety. i have been using binance for three years. Depositing to this exchange is easy, trying to withdraw all your funds is another story. Two months of jumping through hoops for their support team and they still won't unblock my account. Even after numerous videos declaring that the account is indeed mine with proof of who I am in the form photographic i.d. They still refuse to unblock my account and keep moving the bar and requesting more videos and tasks for me to do. They have my face, my home address, personal details yet they will not release my funds under the excuse of 'we are trying to protect your funds' (more like we are trying to protect ourselves since many people are choosing to move away from Binance and onto better exchanges). their support team are brainless and incompetent. Many such reviews as mine on here, think twice before handing over your hard earned cash to these crooks.

I wanted to test Binance i tryed to do the verification but allways it fails i tryed it 6 times and i will not try it again. Dont go there there are much better Sites.

It is the best Crypto platform for sure. Extremely low fees comparing to other platforms. easy to use.

So far so good its been awesome and steady, well organized and well understood, a five star for me, give it a try and use to the code to register u will never regret it...thank you

Wow, this is very profiting app that pays 3.4,percent everyday. Please use their link to sign up to enjoy the profits everyday.

Binance is a good platform for crypto currency, let me just say the best

Good Finance App and I'll recommend this for you, it pays off well.

Kindly use his referral code to sign up asap thanks as you do as

Join through his referral link, very good and reliable, thank you.

Binance.com is a scam app.. I made a mistake of sending my bitcoin to them before ID verification. Their system keeps rejecting my ID and I think I will never get my Coins

They have a lots of coins to choose from, the interface is good. I think the earning section is a bit confusing, they have several sections, like locked staking, flexible staking, flexible savings etc. and this makes it hard to find where your coins are. My experience with customer service was good, I could not trade anymore, but the reason was I did not update the version, after that it worked. Withdraw is no problem and they have a check (for Bitcoin) if you use the correct network for the wallet address. It is a pitty that fiat deposits by ideal are not possible.

They blocked my withdraw function for a risk in my account in their opinion, but last 6 video and 10 support conctat they dont unlock my account yet, every time they refuse and ask me another thing...this is crazy!!! there is my money!! and is clear that are my account !!Use another exchange ask me, or one day you lose yor money..

I have no issues with this app. since it fits all of the levels and the updates that have been provided on a consistent basis have made this daily tool even better and easier for me.

Think I have  no issues with it since it fits all of tte levels that we as a platform have set out, and the updates that have been provided on a consistent basis have made this daily tool even better.

Scam won't let me withdraw money even after proof of ID and address and selfie and email and phone and bank

They blocked the account, and for a month now they have not responded through any channels.

don't be happy when you make money, as Binance take almost everything with hidden fees.rediculous liquidation as well.stay away from this scam.

$8000 have been liquidated in one second not giving me a chance to top up my collateral. It happened at 4am in the morning while I was still sleeping. Woke up and the money was gone! Contacted them - no help at all. RUN away from the thieves.

Not reccomend. I try to login after 2 years on my acc. But I lost my phone and it is impossible to recover to my acc due to the impossible recovering process.

Binance has a wide selection of currency pairs available to trade and offers tighter spreads than other exchanges.  Like all UK customers I had the issue with card deposits being switched off a couple of months back but they've sorted this and it's been stable.I tend only to keep what I want to trade or invest on the platform - it is not a savings account - remember: not your keys, not your crypto!!  This applies to all exchanges.I've used a few other services but I find that Binances fees are lower, prices are better and the interface is much better than other services.

Binance US is a JOKE!  Good luck opening an account without having to produce enough information for someone to commit identity theft!  Once you do they will want even MORE information.  I ended up telling them to cancel my application and destroy any information that I sent them up till that point.

Do not recommend at all you are encouraged to buy but then impossible to use it because there are minimum amounts that you are not told of course so I lost my money I complain!

Stay away, worst company in the cryptogame, nothing more then thieves!Horrible!!!!

Very unprofessional customer support, it feels like you are talking to a robot who can't understand the difference between a monkey and a donkey. Unpleasant and never resolved my issue.

What a bunch of muppets! I tried to set an account using my phone and my email, and for some reason I failed the identification process, I tried with a different email and it worked fine, but they cannot unlink my phone from the first account, so now I have an account with my phone that cannot go pass identification and another one which has bene accepted, but does not have a phone. And the help desk wanted all sort of screenshots, only to conclude that they cannot unlink my phone!

Cannot withdraw funds. Everytime I try to withdraw I wait several days and then get an email saying there was an error withdrawing. Seems my money is stuck in this scam of a platform

very terrible company, a lot of these platforms are. The verification process is the dumbest thing. For them to take a picture of your ID they only use the front camera so it’s a pain in an ass trying to line up your ID. Very poor,  like this is common sense if your on there type of level.

They were good on begging. Now they remove coin I purchase in they app so all found I invested are gone now.  and they didn't let me know about it. They literally steal my money.

they are shady af, first force me to do KYC without a reason. Then after I have done it they hold my money and force me to do their ridiculous request to "prove" them that I am the owner of the account. They even force me to record stupid video telling that I am rightfully owner of this account, and still held my money hostage. Now they want me to take a video with: "Please take a video of any deposit record of this account. The video should contain the whole login process from the sender platform/wallet, and information for this transaction such as the full TxID, date, and amount.". I will not gonna make it. Don't trust them, don't use them. Treat them as scammers and criminals, don't do kyc, don't even try cooperate with these shady f***s.

IOTA withdrawals still disabled after being told it would be fixed by 24th Dec. Now going to miss out on the Shimmer and Assembly airdrops as my funds are stuck on the exchange. I raised this with Binance Customer Support and was told that they wish they could fix it but that is life and life is hard. They also suggested that I relax and take good care of my mental health... Unbelievable.

Almost impossible to remove a account without sending ridiculous selfies. They collect a lot of personal information without providing a means to delete the account.

Among the Crypto exchanges, I had the most satisfying experience with Binance. yes there are some problems here and there but overall I'm happy with trading in Binance.

I have received verification codes several times to my phone from this company. I have no association with Binance and was not planning to.I have informed them of every incidence, where someone used my phone to get verification code.They never replied or took any action.Very shady company that permits very shady practices and information handeling with no impunity.

If it was possible to give no stars, I would. I was informed that I needed to verify my details otherwise my account would be restricted. That's no big deal. I was told that to do this I was to download the app on my phone. This is an imposition and assumes I have a smart phone - anyway I complied. I was told an email was sent to my address to verify. No email arrived. I tried again, double checking the email address. No email. tried 6 or 7 times. That's it. They restricted my account. I cannot contact them.There's no email, contact number, form or method of contact. They ignored my pleas on Twitter. This leaves them unaccountable.Think about that - they have rendered themselves, unaccountable.

You cannot contact anyone for account help.I cannot complete I'd because my I'd is already in use.I can find out why, or to delete that account.Crap customer service. Or none

Well, i don't know how to say this but i lost my money because of a technical issue in the spot trading and they just say "sorry we're working on it but there's no compensation.." if you don't want to lose your money by something that is not EVEN your fault = Run.

Resembles a scam. Allows money to be paid from a card, but not returned to the same card. No options to do normal bank transfers, pay to other people - just one particular type of card.About as dodgy as it can get without going into outright theft.I was just lucky I had two cards, but the second one was a bank account in a completely different currency, thus creating a loss in exchange fees and bank charges. No way to convert between some currencies either.I would not go near this platform again and would advise anyone considering it to look for another.

Keep your personal information AWAY from these people.They've had my personal information for an advanced "verification". After two months with non-existent customer support representatives, they have yet to verify me or tell me what is being done with my personal information (Includes SSN, DOB, Address).About to file for identity theft as I literally have no idea what's going on or who has my information. Keep your information away.

It's more than year i use binance and i don't have any problems with it

IF there was a 0 star I would give it. This site was so appauling I have made an effort to make a review. They will take money.. I guess some people have serious amounts in there.. The support is total zero. 6 months after joining and verifying they started sending message after message saying I was not verified. Log in.. no way to see .. and account said verified? Threated to block my account if not verified again. No contact number, a "BOT" for help.. ! We are talking about people holding YOUR REAL Money. Total disgrace.. Should not be allowed to trade.. After zero help and no way to stop messages.. Just transfered out all crypto to other provider. Next day they froze the account. God help anyone who needs to get their money back who has their account frozen by these clowns

3 terrible instances with customer service, they're giving different answers to the same topic, false promises, made up restrictions, unable to solve the issue right away, this lead to a huge trust issue on my side, provider to be avoided.

I'd Like To Say Massive Thanks To Binance.comIt was a long process but We got there in the end.I Had my doubt about them but I did not give up.Customer services could be improved thou.It took a very patient agent to help & guide me through all the necessary steps that was needed to recover my asset,which I sent to the wrong network.6 months of rejection and heart ache.Today I am OVER THE MOON. Honest review.

worse experience trying to delete the account, its impossible!

I would give them less than zero if I could.  My business partner, my cousin and myself could not make it through their redicoulous KYC system online.  The system would not recognize our home or business addresses.  All three of us emailed them several times with zero response.  We only got the computer generated letter saying they were over loaded and would get back to us with in 48 hours.  It's been six months +.  I even sent an email to their main office regarding the situation and got zero response.  My recommendation at this point is to stay as far away as you can, what would happen if you wanted to correct a problem or make a withdrawal and had a problem.  "NO RESPONSE" you'd be screwed.

Really bad support!Cant even disable my account there....

impossible to open a account/ verifiedall time is defect over a month, after many try to get in sad

I'm so disappointed about Binance. They are such a scam nowadays, which is sad because they used to be a great service that worked very well. Their customer service is terrible! The direction they are going with withdrawal limits and opaque policy changes is despicable. I would advise you to avoid them at all costs.

Honestly it is mind blowing to see numbers as this is the "N1" crypto exchange. It look like an empty shell...Don't believe me ? Just try to communicate/contact them. No chance you can. Why that ? Not surprised it is unregulated. SCAM

Can't verify my identity... tried 20 times.Hate it, You send your documents wait 24 hours and nothing?? seriously?

Works really well, I've used it for a while now and can say it is one of the most accessible, user-friendly platforms

The best one!Overall best crypto-trading platform of all.

Tried and tried to contact this company to no avail!!! Stay clear!!!! Looking at all the positive reviews, they are clearly false ones!!Be warned!!! Do not invest 1p into tjis scam company.

Overall best in my view.

Never top up your account with a credit or debit card. When I tried to recharge the account for $2030 Binance at first withdrew the money from the card, but did not recharge the account and refreshed the page and updated the recharge rate (so I recharged with my local currency) and asked for confirmation or I agree to recharge at the new rate or can cancel the transaction (which is 7 days to refund), so I confirmed and it turned out that the account is not $2030 as it should be and $1940

This Is a total scam, You deposit money then after they deliberately refuse to give it back. I recently deposited money to this and ended up loosing all of it

The problem is that while BTC drop cannot be logged in, so you cannot buy cheap ... Probably only people associated with the company are buying, the rest is blocked, the order cannot be fulfilled....

Never ever deal with this abomination of the company. If you ever dare connect from an unusual IP address (say you're on a vacation) they will block your account and they will f you over if you try to get access to your funds.Wanna get access back? "Provide video evidence, device info picture, date of registration (you might have forgotten), some IP address"- and get humiliated over anything which they don't like.Repeat ad infinitum. I've been locked out of my account for 14 days already. Never done a single bad thing.Terms of services are good enough to block you for absolutely anything and they will.If you care about your money, nerves and sanity, never use Binance.This is the absolute worst company I've ever dealt with. If I could rate them minus infinity, I surely would.

I have decided to write this review after 3 awful experiences with customer service, who refuse to resolve even the simplest of problems. In the latest case, I referred several friends using a referral link and provided proof by way of video screen recording and browsing history. In each case Binance have claimed the referral link wasn't used (despite the proof) and are refusing to issue rewards as promised.Upon being treated so badly, my referee requested a refund on their deposit and for their account to be closed and once again Binance refused to assist, in doing so breaking several consumer laws.  Dishonest, misleading practices and a customer service department that provides no help or resolution whatsoever. DO NOT GIVE THESE SCAMMERS YOUR MONEY. Use an exchange that doesn't treat it's customers (both long-term and new ones) so terribly.

So it turns out it doesn't work in new york, but they will collect all your personal information including SSN just to tell you that it doesn't work in your state

Useless. It wants a lot of very personal information and then always fails on verification. I wouldn’t use this, use another. If it has so many errors on setting up an account, imagine the security flaws in the rest!

Bad company..not seen like this ugly company.100 %fake and scam..When company confirm large accets.White wash all accounts.Save your money and time from this untrusted binance wallet.....

Terrible customer service and error-prone deposit/withdrawal functionality.

Its impossible to verify account with bank statments. 5 Hours spent at support for nothing. When I ask to delete my account they told me "Delete function is not available. No exception" ignoring the law and RGPD. Unbelievable. They are denounced

You win some .. You Lose alot.. Name of the Game. Long Holders only benefit.

Good evening I transferred € 46 to the Beinasco card, but they are gone and I can't find them where they are

Hi everyone, I'm Moe, I'm a black doctor working inthe UK, and let me share with you my racistexperience with Binance.So I wanted to get into the Crypto world, I saw addsfor this app and I was like I'm going to download itand start my journey. Everything was going smoothbut then, last thing I expected happened! Theywouldn't verify my account because of mynationality? Can everyone believe that? Customerservice said "Sanctions against Sudan" okay I amnot Sudan, What do i have to do with it? I'm noteven living in Sudan? But oh wel, let's makeeverything more complicated for the black guy, let'snot give him equal rights! Very disgusting!I uploaded a legitimate ID from the United Kingdom,but no, they said because I'm Sudanese, Because ofmy race and nationality??!I'm absolutely going to spread this everywhere, I'maware of Equality act 2010, and I will certainly doeverything I can to stop this discrimination!

This is an expensive exchange but because of their wide range of currencies, I wanted to buy some HBAR. But I can't even deposit money into my account or buy crypto directly with fiat. I use the Barclays app, I get a notification asking me to accept the transaction - then binance says it failed. So I tried using SMS confirmation, same thing. I only have one bank card so now it's impossible to buy anything. So, I deleted the app and won't bother trying again. You also cannot delete your account and no way to contact support.[EDIT] Dear Binance, NO CHANCE!!!! I do not trust your platform! Sorry.

good site & I trade crypto on Binance from last year

No easy access info on how easily you will be liquidated and insane margins for crypto! Don't do margin at any costs!

Massive trust and safety issues. Forcing all users to go through rigorous KYC, stating that it is 'for your own protection' and to avoid scams, when the owner openly stated that he's going theough with this in order to reduce competition. It's virtually impossible to delete your account (you have to really fight for it) and (having lost my private, personal documents in their verification process for 8 months?!?!?!), I'm SERIOUSLY concerned over data safety. They are VERY relcutant to state what data is held on people and are equally reluctant to abide by GDPR regulations, yet they seem more than happy to cow-tow to financial 'authorities' in order to secure their own position. This goes against EVERYTHING good in cryptoworld and tells us everything we need to know about this organisation... never shilling sh*tcoins, data breaches, and terrible customer service.Search for a decentralised exchange, like Bisq.

I've been with this exchange since 2017 and I've watched the decline with my own eyes. The latest fiasco is me trying to get my Binance card sent to my address. I moved countries 5 months ago and they keep sending my Binance cards to my old address, even though they have the correct KYC'd address on their system. I know this thanks to Deutche Post tracking. Even with the proof in front of their eyes from Deutche Post, Binance support insist that the card has been "sent to the address on the system". 91 days I've been waiting for the card... What can you do when I company completely denies reality?

Strongly recommend considering other platforms. Binance is great until 1) you want to withdraw funds or 2) you have an issues or 3) you're dealing with some fraud attack.I had a A LOT of money on Binance, 6 figure sums in GBP.They have 0 customer support - it is so beyond poor it's unbelievable. When I was in an actual fraud case - the only response I got from Binance was that they could not help. I had even filed police reports and all.When I tried to do a transfer into Coinbase, they shut down all withdrawals from my account... even fiat ones....which aren't even related to (still shut 6 days later)I followed up at least 20 times over 5 days as I needed to my move funds. 50% of the time I was just ignored and had to start a new customer support thread to get someone to reply, and refer back to the old case ID. 50% of the time they "forwarded the chat" to another department.. that never answers. They put uneducated and untrained staff members, likely in some 3rd world country, to deal with support chat dealing with people that manage 100's of thousands or maybe millions of $£ on here. I feel so bad for these staff members, they are not equipped by their leadership to handle any of this stuff in term of training nor taking empowered to solve anything. They send standardised messages that aren't helpful and. Quite frankly based on behaviours, systems/process (lack thereof) I can quite confidently say that Binance literally do not care one single bit about you or your money.So so far beyond very disappointing.

Binance is a complete scam on leverage, it will wipe you out knowmatter which way you are betting, and target your liquidation price and as soon as it wipes you out it will go completely the opposite way, it’s too coincidental, happens every time, no matter which way you predict, bots are targeting your liquidity price and earning them fortunes

They rejected to verify me because my Nationality, however, i reside legally in the UAE, which makes my actual nationality irrelevant, this is how it is everywhere else.This is racism to start with, but then i could understand that my country GOVERNMENT is sanctioned for reasons that surly i hav nothing to do with but seriously i showed a proof ore residency elsewhere…

I wonder if Binance wants new users at all. I tried to verify and when they ask to take a picture of ID they - unlike other platforms - don't offer you the QR code option to switch to your phone camera so you have to use webcam that is never capable to take a picture clear enough (perhaps there is a reason if scanners exist). I downloaded their app but on my phone it keeps freezing and restarting , I couldn't even finish log in ! I wanted to buy BNB to send to Metamask wallet using Binance smartchain but looks like I have to abort my defi adventures.

Impossible to withdraw cash from, and their customer service is non-existent. The low fees are all well and good but pretty pointless saving on fees if you then have no access to cash when you want to sell. App and desktop site are poorly built and buggy.

I started using binance this year and i can say this is the best website to buy and sell crypto.Very easy to convert coins and faster transfer speeds.Binance looks good based on my experience.

9/10 of the orders don't come true. I don't place extreme orders. The app just fails! Really sad.I lost faith.

They'll happily take your money, but you can forget thinking that you'll easily get it back...

They make it easy to deposit money, but IMPOSSIBLE to get it out.  Even providing videos with my ID next to my face, 2 step authorization to log in, confirming and showing transaction history, they apparently don't believe it is me.  And, of course no one is available by phone.  STAY AWAY

Making it super difficult to transfer funds from binance.com to binance.usCustomer support is non existent

the system is not showing my transaction correctly and i can not check the amount of my total deposit...still this situation after 2 months of help in chat....italian chat...especially the guy called Luca was not able to give me the help to solve my issue and try always to not respond at my issue and try to solve as fast as he can...i showed him all the screenshot, he confirm that i have 7 transaction on the account but i can see only 6 of that....and he confirm a total amount that i can't even check because i don't know all the transaction...i ask to escalate the problem to a second level but he was arguing about to find all the transaction and then comeback...he probably was not able to solve this problem and trying to escape in the end he close the chat.well done mature boy

This is the best trader in the market with the lower fees that is not a scam. I never had a problem to withdraw my founds. Totally recomended.

It suddenly does not recognise my password or e mail- When I click on 'forget password' it does not send me anything. It is a scam.  They've sent me a reply which isn't even correct grammar. I don't want an online chat. Call me and speak to me human to human

Binance is dishonest and uses dirty tactics against doge customers by holding their coins hostage, rendering it unusable. Steer clear of this company.

Don't trust them with your money. They won't let me take them out.

So far there seem to be a lot of negative allegations about Binance. Obviously I am not able to verify or dismiss those.So far I can only speak about my personal experiences.- Start or use: April 2021 (> 6months now straight)- Services used: Slot Auctions, Liquidity Farms, Earning, Staking, credit card, deposit, withdrawal, customer service, tradingThe interface and user experience is extremely good and reliable as far as I experienced (web app as well as mobile). Interface is pretty clean, reduced to most important information and intuitively understandable.Any process I had with them was straight forward, transparent and fair (fees and other cost positions were either directly or in the details clearly listed).I had one "major" incident where refueling at a gas station while having my holiday trip led to too much money being debited from my Binance credit card. Was pretty confusing and hard to find out where the issue was located (because Curve META card was also involved). Nevertheless in the end after several calls with the Binance support the issue was solved and I got 100% of my missing money back. Binance support hereby always was kind, polite, competent and fair.So I am pretty confused where and why all of those other seemingly negative experiences result from (probably another support agent and I did only had luck? Probably the reviewing customer did things not right/was impolite or stupid and now arguing it was all Binance's mistake?)I do not know. This is only a personal, subjective experience of me.Summary: RECOMMENDATION!

They put limits of withdrawal functions every 2 weeks and ask for non reasonable verification methods such as the phone i created the account with, the ip , a video from the first deposit of cryptos in that account etc. if this wasn’t enough and you luckily manage to get all of this, you’re going to be disabled the function next week and gotta go all over this once again. And when you ask for an explanation you get a reply from their costumer service saying “ account was triggered risk control issue” but not what they mean by this they don’t go into details.

Worst customer service experience in my life. Also, Be careful when depositing money. You can EASILY deposit using a mastercard, but you NEED a VISA in order to withdraw, so if you do not, you’re screwed. Switching to a different Exchange.

worst comapny and service everthey refused to delete my account and said it wasn't possible.  until i brought up GDPR 17 the law to be forgotten "erasure" or something. and then suddenly it was posssible but for it i had to take a handwritten note with email and everything and visible face (selfie) and send it to them in the support chat.. they break laws and it's just disgusting. they took aout the option ton delete the account without telling anyone, and i had to sit in a chat for 2 hours to get my right through thanks to the lkaws in EU.  He repeatedly asked me why i wanted to delete the account and i asked why does that matter. just a horrible service and comapny from my personal experience. i highly doubt they had laws or agreements to require selfie with a handwritten paper. to delete my account but i just wanted to be done with this comapny so i applied.  they assured that all my data and photos sent to them was deleted and i sure hope so but after tonights hassle to even delete mya account, i highly doubt that because otherwise they wouldn't have asked for a selfie and such

I have transfered my shiba inu tokens from Binance to Binance smart chain wallet and the money never has arrived to the wallet , I have contacted the support  team buy chat Three times every time some clueless agent has been talking like virtual assistant repeating them self’s like robots with out understanding the issue on my third attempt to talk to someone with the name Sharma she told me to hold just to check on my problem and she has disappeared for good . Stay away of this fraud company just my advice.

This company will be shut down soon because criminals use this platform to clean dirty money.

Biased, lacks integrity!

Binance allowed their Coin Market Cap twitter page to publicly defame an individual by presenting a warning banner on a crypto project's header. Not only did this personal attack have nothing to do with the validity of the project, it created negative buying pressure which tanked the project and impacted all holders bottom line. Personal opinions regarding how a corporation feels about a person should never be allowed to impact the customers of a project. If you had reservations about the project DONT LIST IT ON BINANCE OR COIN MARKET CAP. Don't hurt the people who believe in the project. Shameful market manipulation. I wouldn't be surprised if Coin Market Cap posted the negative attention to tank the price so that Binance could scoop up large amounts on the cheap. This project will go places regardless of your FUD conspiracy.

Unreliable do Not trust  - major issues

Manipulating crypto markets and buying in themselves. Absolutely disgusting. If they move to Ireland we'll have a call for an independent inquiry into them.Slanderous company and racist

I am pretty sure they sell your personal data if you get "verified"it also doesnt mean anything because you just get asked for more "verification" later on

Good exchange, many possibilities, good liquidity, good support team

Thanks for messing around with Saitama, CZ. Your time is running out.

Was not able to KYC without a phone. Support told me a phone is mandatory for all operations because they will send an SMS (which is far more usable than a fax) to confirm all operation.

very nice service for cryptocurrnecy. i used P2P trade option. it is 100% very easy and fast secure payment. TRON to LTC.

Fast withdrawal services, they manage to send me the coins faster than other suppliers I have used before.

I had to change my review since my accusation was wrong . Never the less the fact of not having a customer service makes it really shabby. I bought solana which was charged. My solana was never deposited but it seemed and it appeared as if I had done the transaction. The money came back though it seems. Never the less the lack of customer service is really really not okey. Also not having access to the history of my orders after 3 months . Please improve this before growing !!!

Very slow service. After a week the account verification is still pending. Let's wait another year!!!

They are veryyyyy WELCOME to you when u want to create an account and give them money butttttttt after that U should dieeeeeeeeee,they freeze my account and not let me in and use asking for verify again and againinfinite loop they did not let me in they do not access to my OWN MONEYCheatersssssCheat Cheat Cheat Cheat CheatAvoid ittttttttttttttttt

Customer service is non-existing. Promised sign-up bonus never received.

nice exchange for fast transactions must use for multiple coins

I used to love binance! Not anymore, 4 days ago they disable my account without no reason, the costumer service said they cannot give more information regarding my case and literally no one is helping to sort it out, so now I cannot access to my account and all my money is still there! the WORST costumer service I ever experienced

Im done with this scam site. Support is the worst! Have used CoinMetro before, so i was expecting just as good support. But i guess its just like the real world, the bigger the company, the worse customer support. Going right back to CoinMetro

It’s seems rigged realese coins like Dar into market after private launch pool at 20000% luring the fomo of people when it’s goes down to - 15 % pump and dump and they say they have no control over the markets , I lost $500 USDT the refuse to refund, The price dropped faster then you could sell , this is there system fault .The platform is set up to put a stop limit way higher than average market price also so when you lock in your investment your instantly at a loss , This is why they are banned in certain countries and soon to be Australia as there are building lawsuits against Binance , google it to verify this , They groom you to think your making money then rob you beware !!!!!

What kind of garbage is this? Log in...tells me im verified...then when i click return to home page, it logs me out. I have managed to have this not happen once in about 20 times logging it. Theirs no customer support AT ALL. I think (hope!) I managed to withdraw what i bought. Still waiting for it to land. F*** using this app again after that. Thank God it happened on the test run and not with thr big money.

Tweet about problems MINE Network will solve. Tag two friends and include the following in your tweet: #MINEnetwork

Send them to jail...Binance is purposely blocking withdrawals of AVAX and MATIC to tank the price of the coins so they can front run and buy them cheaper... Fraudsters of the worst kind!

Horrible customer service, they don't verify you ever and when you try to ask for help via their chat, you keep waiting endlessly.. they are unbelievable

They Stole my money !!! I was selling my Dogecoin for USDT and their system took my doge but never credited me with any USDT. Upon approaching the customer service they agreed to this issue and told me i would be credited with $13,180 USDT within 7 working days. I've been waiting for months now and this never happened. When i complained to my bank they just went ahead and blacklisted me. There is no way to find their headquarters so its close to impossible to find them. However, i know their payments are collected in Cyprus and have been in touch with the Caymen islands financial crime police. I will be taking action against this company as they have caused me alot of loss and depression .

Daughter wanted me to invest 800eur, 400eur into ETH, and 400eur into BTC. I'd used Binance past week for around 5 trades for myself no problem.Preloaded debit card with 800eur, went to Binance, clicked spot Buy on ETH, 400eur. Then did same to buy BTC.Each time I was challenged by my banking app, and approved both. Banking app said successful each time.Then I did not see the trades in Binance, but did see the money taken.No notification from Binance it failed but no confirmation of success by email like I normally get.2.5 hours later (!) from Binance support, I got that I cancelled the trades (!), and they closed the ticket without my permission.Now days later I have admission they had technical error, and support actually said stop complaining as it was only 2 trades out of 7 in past week that had a technical error and I'd get the money back in a week!!!!!!!Yes! I trading service where they think if 2 out of 7 trades where you click Buy and get "success", don't actually happen and they don't tell you it failed, they will blame you, then hold onto your money for a week instead.Scammers.PS don't even ask about support, nobody has power nor insight to help you and the hours literally drag on in circles getting boilerplate nonsense answers.

This project has no legal address or office. The support service will not answer you. In my opinion, there you can find and arrest all the main scammers of the planet through their verified accounts, if you do it seriously. All other participants in this project are future or already accomplished victims of deception.

I am disapointed. I used binance plateforme since 2017 and i leave this plateforme because their support is useless, they change the rules continually and the identity verification is a veritable obstacle course.

DO NOT BUY WITH CARD. The transaction gets stuck and you won't be able to access your funds for 30 days. They say its only 7 but the support team is non-existent. DO NOT TRUST THEM WITH YOUR CARD. WITHDRAW FEES ARE ALSO USURY LEVEL.

I find it incredible how they have made security on their app so byzantine that its almost impossible to use. Security protocols of 3 way identification. 5 multiple choice questions with image recognition if you cant pass the 3 way MFA

I tried many crypto exchanges but Binance is one of the best. their platform with all details are perfect, by time i am learning more and more

Great website. Easy to use

They way that binance costumer service handles the appeal for people with more than 1 account that want to withdraw the money to send it to the verified account is simply poor. Costumer service say just nice words but do not help you at all. Even if you ask to speak with a manager they dont do that. Great platform with a very poor system to solve problems.

Binance is good exchange and fairly easy to use however they have to stop changing rules all the time about withdrawals minimums. For eg to withdraw bnb minimum has gone up 50% more so you are practically forced to buy more in order to swap another coin to bnb in order to able to withdraw

The abeselut worst costumer service in the historie of mankind.Don´t use this site

The worst exchange ever to get your money back. They give different excuses every time you contact them. Money gobblers. Please stay away if you don’t want to loose your money to them.

Binance Holdings(Binance.com and CoinMarketCap.com) is selling crypto assets under false claims, uses CoinMarketCap to display lower dilutions, lower circulating supplies to control prices and manipulate the market, scam and steal from their customers using insider trading and price manipulation. I contacted customer support regarding the false 40%lower dilution (displayed when I purchased an asset) than the real number and they refuse to cancel the purchase saying they made no mistake, and I too am sure they did it on purpose and stole almost half the value on my purchase. These are thieves in the off shore, make no mistake about it

There is no support i try to pay and nothing works to open a ticket you have to be a hacker... Binance app DONT  WORK and has the HIGHEST fees on mining pool.

Horrible company. Horrible customer service. They treat you like trash, like disable withdrawal with flimsy reasons and tge customer agents are non-chalant. I've been trying for a week to get a simoke answer to why the disabled withdrawals on my account and they've been quiet, the agents are cold, no explanation, no regard, just pure trash. You're better off with Coinbase, trust me.

Once you get your money in good luck getting it out.Avoid!

Very good exchange, easy to deposit and easy to withdraw.    Hassle free.

The best exchange online.    Ive been using them for few years, and not a single issue.

I dont trust them !I the verification process 2 times , they never send me a verification code to my mail address !!!But I get every day some add - spam mails , to search for a contact mail address is an adventure , this company seams not to know what costumers service is For me i have a very bad feeling

Extremely bad functions, I've been trying to withdraw my money and they say that they do not support my card because of the country it was issued from, however, they say they support cards from my country. Very hard and unclear system.

Do not trade on this app. I transferred money through the platform and the seller asked to verify my ID with a dodgy link. I do not know the seller because they are completely separately to Binance so did not "verify" my ID with dodgy third party based in China. When I contacted binance with evidence of payment they said the bank details were not there's. So Binance literally make you pay a third party in hope the seller transfer you BTC. Appeals process is the biggest waste of time. The owners need to go to jail.

Absolutely NO CUSTOMER SERVICE  .... with Binance or you know exactly what you are doing or you will lose all ...... incredible how they don't have any sort of chat or call to contact them !!!!!!  Lost £ 500 into their system  and not being able to find them , after days still no response

This is a completely fraudulent cryptocurrency exchange.  As many others have mentioned here, they make it impossible to withdraw or transfer your cryptocurrency.  I've spent the past week going in circles with their customer service... sending verification videos, providing every "proof of identification" that they have asked... only to have my withdrawal function locked repeatedly.STAY AWAY FROM THIS P.O.S. WEBSITE!

I opened a Binance US account.  Deposited 10,000 USDC coins into my wallet to trade.  Once I tried to trade it went through an identification process.  My ID was denied because I live in Hawaii.  Now my funds are held hostage because it won't let me withdrawl the coins either.  I have asked for a refund with no response.  Beware!

Binance Slow Chain. Constant problems with it as the network clearly can't cope with the increase in users. Waiting 2 hours for BNB from Binance to Trust Wallet. Customer service and information bulletins non existent. Come on, with the money you make, surely you can do better than this.

This wallet is stupid. No support line and the require you to use your front camera for verification photos.

From 10 days i am trying to verifying my account in that time the web site getting error. When i am trying to login app its  also getting error.  Also trying to contact to customer care but they also not give us needed reply. What a chip service they are provide to us world's bigger scammer 😡😡😡😡

Happy to take your money, an absolute nightmare to withdraw, avoid.

Poor everything. Endless loops of verifying things and facial recognition does not work. Was going to use Binance - but BYE

Nice user interface, difficult to verify accounts

Not a clue what it's all about. Super easy to out your money in but shockingly difficult to take it back out. Bought SHIB and it went up and up and up. Not a clue how to our the profits back into my bank. I wish apps like Revoult had more coins. Binance is a mess for the regular Joe.

Do not use Binance (directed at Australians). Their app is clunky and glitchy, their payment methods are... suspect at best, and their customer service... You'll get broken English, generic responses and people passing the issue around like a hot potato. STAY AWAY FROM BINANCE.

The app is rubbish. Despite being able to set up fingerprint login you get asked to log back in again every few days. And then it won't accept the actual password. You get three chances to login so you have to be careful. If you leave it to the next morning it works again. The login process is time consuming so it's a serious pain in the wotsits. Money goes in fine but try getting it back out. Woeful.

They're more than happy to take your money from any card, but will give a good old "the country this card is from is not supported" when trying to withdraw any money. Even if it's the very same card you use for both. Bunch of scammers.

This platform has to be banned world wide. Having my large portion of assets being stolen their support team could not do anything. Then I found on internet it has a really shady reputation. No wonders it is marked with a consumer warning by FCA, and regulators seized them operating in the UK, Hong Kong, Lithuania, Netherlands, and Italy. Binance even has been recognized as illegal in Malaysia. Binance also work absolutely illegally without any license on the European market. In case you need support, they will pretend to help or not help at all. Avoid them!!

i like this exchange for crypto.binance is the best .thank you binance team

I cannot get out my ADA! It says “Wallet Congestion” I cannot transfer any of it. I have emailed customer service and no response. It is suspending users from withdrawing any of it!! Super shady! Looks like I just lost out on a 1000 bucks! Never using Binance again! Youtube it, other people have had the same issue!!

As a newbie to crypto I've had no problems with binance, setup purchase and withdraws all good

OMG even the reviews down there it's scams, same reviews different users. Every 2 days I have to do verification on my phone. Do I have to do tattoo with my password on my forehead to remember it and tipe it every 2-3 days!?

WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!! THESE PEOPLE RUNNING ARE EITHER MAFIA OR GANG RELATED THIEVES. THEY TOOK 50% OF MY BITCOINS WHEN I TRANSFER TO COINBASENO CHAT OR WAY OF CONTACTING THEM. WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!WATCH OUT FOR SCAMMERS!!!!

Be careful of Binance. There are no barriers at all to you putting money in. However when you want you money out suddenly they need copies of your drivers licence or passport. Dont trust any company that is not transparent and locks your money away

We have had no success in joining Binance. We have spent many hours trying to follow the incredibly challenging identification tasks as set by the site. The site is not designed for use with PCs so we were at a distinct disadvantage. Many aspects did not work well including downloading the Google Authenticator, pairing with our mobile and computer and the facial recognition software as my partner has a moustache. The site repeatedly stated that he was covering his mouth with his hand. Adequate software would have managed this task without difficulty. As a result of several attempts and a lacklustre and confusing new customer experience, we have written Binance off  and will try elsewhere.

Trusted, Safe, Legit.

I withdrew my money from Binance to my bank account. I received email stated the withdrawal is successful. It's already nearly 24 hrs and I contacted the customer service. He said, I just need to wait and will be credited within 24 hrs. To withdraw my money and takes 48 hrs? I will never use Binance again!

Presently, I'm enjoying the app but let's see how it goes in the coming days.

Only Use Binance if you want to make a small fortune out of a large one or make money disappear. Worst, absolute worst support. Initially verified account to allow deposit but quit working and now I can’t trade or withdrawal. Great scam/theft. Weeks go by without response from support and then an email asking how support was!!  Funny if it weren’t so costly. FIND ANOTHER CRYPTO TRADING PLATFORM

Poor software "security" verification just never works, I have done everything correctly and nothing works.

Its a big fraud.. I have crypto with them ,, struggling for last 6 months and could not withdraw single penny.. they put multiple restriction.. order is completing but not crediting. I can not sell coins at Binance only , huge transfer fee etc. I have already lost 25% coins... Still unable to withdraw whatever remain.

There are many hidden fees and tweaks to steal ur money. The site unclear with every click new fees and new stuff with high minimum limits and tweaks so they can steal as much as they can from ur money. with every click and fee with a sudden ur balance will be less 50%. Not a joke really it s so expensive to convert and trade with this joke exchange

The support is an absolute joke, FOR 6 MONTHS they still cannot deliver my ordered card ...

Deposited 50 pounds, didnt trade at all, and now want to take it out but I can't. No help or support at all, no chat function, no phone number or email. A total scam.

Binance.com really works with scamsites like pncexglobal.com. Avoid this.

Platform is good but what about costumer support?Don't feel comfortable to provide the details you want and invest large amount when there is no support.

It took me weeks to 'verify' and they STILL havent replied to my comments pointing out their system is broken. Now i am irritated their 'history' doesnt actually show my full history of deposits !!! And STILL no answer to any of these problems.update - they just replied. FIFTEEN MONTHS LATE !!!!!!

Stars are for customer support. If you lock your account good luck at getting help to unlock it when your ready! They have no live customer service and if they do it’s via email and it’s hell to be sure the email is legit. They cancel any request sent after your first. This makes it impossible to get help. Just awful. My account is locked it’s only been a little over a week, but you don’t have any idea what’s going on or. when it will unlocked. I’ve heard stories of peoples accounts still locked after four months and doing all verifications asked. I did the video answered a questions and there are 12. Still I get asked to do it as it probably was canceled when I sent it. All I can do is reset password and check daily. This company makes plenty of money they can afford live help and get each issue resolved one by one. It would take less time. Everyone and their mother sends more than one ticket duh this is our money we are talking about and I am sure it slows it down yes! Any idiot knows their system is less effective than live support. Live support would cut the time down required to resolve issues and would be way more secure making users more confident. Crypto is in its baby stages and this type of customer support gives people a bad taste in their mouth. It makes you want to just sell all the crypto and put it into traditional investments!! Other than this issue, binance us has been good. Fees are low easy to trade. However, confidence that you can manage your account without waiting and sleepless nights is priceless. I wish I knew prior to this. Coin base has same issues and I no longer use them.

A bit complicated for me but I bought btc, traded and withdrawal.

1 year later and I still can't withdraw my money, my money is literally stuck in binance  can't call them as they don't have a number  and they never reply to my emails unbelievable 😒

NO IDEAL IN NETHERLANDS. HIGH FEE'S. DOG PLATFORM

I bought 1k in crypto . Exchanged it back to USD once I saw there was no option to send the crypto to my main wallet to another app I use. When I went to withdraw the funds my account locked . Then I reached out to them . No response . Days later . My funds disappeared from the app. Ive taken matters to the police and they are investigating the matter as they believe this is company is scam . No one can ever speak with a rep, Biance is a cover for the LLC company called “Prime Trust “ and when you call the number 702-840-4000 that they listed as their POC it doesn’t have any option for Biance .  So buyers beware , I am currently pursuing legal action against them for stealing my money and posing as a business .

its just a sketchy program with weird ways to handle your cryptos. bitvavo is so much easy and legit, it's not even a competition anymore. edit: Foh this was more than a year ago. Bitvavo ftw.

Put minimal amount of money in to check it out, I did earn some but cannot withdraw any money! Lots of excuses but no money.Dont do it!

Case ID #77258347One of the many case IDs I opened with Binance.com team over a period of 3+ months.On 30/06/2021, I deposited 150 Euros as usual to my Binance account using SEPA transfer, the same day it says the transaction was denied. I waited for many days but I did not receive the money back, I contacted the team, they said within 14 working days the money would be back to my bank account. But nothing happened after 14 working days, I contacted them again, they said to wait another 14 working days, but all the same, once of the agents confirmed that the refund has been processed, then I said nothing received in my bank account, another agent said that was a mistake from the previous agent.Later, they said that the issue is with their payment processes 'Clear Junction', and that they are delaying the refund, after many times of contacting them, they kept saying the same and suggested to contact their payment provider; However, Clear Junctions couldn't help but referring me back to Binance.After three months, I told them that it's their issue, of course you need to wait 24h for an agent to come back to you, then they said that they can refund my money with USDT. I confirmed and gave them a wallet address, they said I have to use my Binance wallet, but I found out that my account is closed. And when I tried to reactivate, they refused saying that they had to close my account due to their "internal" policy.Clearly, Binance is doing anything it can do to rob customers, perhaps they are doing that as they were forced to stop working with SEPA transfers and some parts of the EU.I'm writing this review so you know that since they robbed 150 Euros, they can do the same to you and maybe steal more than that! BEWARE, YOUR MONEY IS AT RISK AND NOT BECAUSE OF TRADING, BUT BECAUSE OF BINANCE.COM WHO CAN STEAL IT FROM YOU ANYTIME!!At least, with many reviews revealing the Binance scam, they will lose more than what they steal.Cheers

Costumer service is non existent literally have all my funds frozen by them for months plus have tried contacting them 1000s of times through twitter reddit and no response. CS chat is not responding.

The purpose of binance is only BNB toke and BSC

Totally dodgy. I am very fearful as I uploaded a copy of my drivers licence as verification. The whole process failed and they wont confirm deletion of the documents. Of course I didn't know they had warnings from the UK regulator until I came here to leave a warning review.

Like all other companies that makes it impossible to get withdraw your money. No service or communication. They have an e-mail and it takes forever to get a reply. Moreover, are they holding a big amount of money back which I tried to transfer from coinbase to binance. FRAUD company

Binance. Can't define legal documents from morocco "driving license" i don't know about other documents who ever receive my document he can't understand arabic, isn't blurred or something i wish if i could share the document. Btw i have some suspicion cuz i'm in my early 30s and document made in my early 20 isn't out of day and my face and hair is bit diff so if this's the reason those people they need to stop working in this field

The site was fine a few years ago.Now it signs out automatically like every minute and requires a phone to log in.Also there is an identification process which doesn't accept file uploading but requires a camera which doesn't work on android phone because there is no flipping to back camera. I wonder if they even test their own websites by human.

Extremely difficult to use. WIll be using other platforms

total con take money from accounts then tell you how to withdraw but instead clear your account and never get any withdrawal money ,very professional conmen and women dont give them any bank details or they will clean you out.Got a reply but still no success getting funds back and no contact don't trust this company

Its quite disgusting how easy they make it to deposit money and how difficult and expensive it is to withdraw it. If you are the UK use another provider.

Binance now requires KYC, which is the fumbest thing they've ever done. They will probably lose half of their customers. They were my only option to send BNB because Pionex doesn't have that thing and the other exchanges are only for 40$+ (very unhelpful if I have to send 10$ to my friend or pay 8$ on a Website that only accepts crypto. Fxck you, Binance!

CROOKS. $20k worth of crypto in my Binance account was wiped out completely (0 balance) over 1 week ago. I don’t know the cause (fraud, hacker, app bug…) or the status since the response from the support team (Trebor) has been almost non-existent. Their Thievery/Incompetence is astounding. Nothing has happened and I have not heard from them in over a week - they do not respond. Meanwhile I can’t even get into my account since they Disabled it. STAY FAR AWAY from these Chinese Crooks!

They Are Scammers, stole my money

For weeks now the trading section of this exchange is not able to load charts hence you cant trade. Trying to contact support is more difficult that contacting moses. This company has some of my money that they dont give back etc. They are the biggest and they dont care.

They allowed me to try to deposit MATIC into my Binance wallet even though the transaction is not possible. I sent the transaction and it was successful on Polygon's end, I got all the blockchain reports to show it went though but it never ended up in my Binance account. The accepted my funds but refuse to tell me where they went and still allow people to attempt these transactions that will result in their money being lost. After it happened I did a quick google search and turns out this exact same thing happens to ALOT of people. Very shady practices if not full blown scamming.

One of the best and fastest exchanges but it's doesn't accept Indian Credit Card.

The site worked great, but recently they decided to make their intrusive "intermediate verification" compulsory. I don't know any other crypto exchanges that require so much personal information, and i am going to be moving my crypto elsewhere. I am giving 3 stars instead of 2 or 1 because they gave us warnings in advance, and i will still be able to keep and withdraw my balances after the changes have been made despite not completing the new KYC.Edit: 2 stars now, they charge $20-30 to withdraw btc which is way more than necessary. I now have to send my btc to another binance user, convert it to xmr, have them send me the xmr, and convert it back to btc on my new exchange to dodge these ridiculous fees.

Worst exchange ever.. it's putting restrictions on my account withdrawal of my funds and not even removing restrictions after i submitted video verification as they demanded.. really worst experience with them..i recommend everyone not to use binance and remove your funds as soon as possible from binance to DEX

The platform is very buggy! Let me explain with some of the facts that i have experienced while using the platform.1) There some times when going into the wallet (Fiat & Spot) it shows your balance as being 0 (zero no funds at all - $0 in the total and $0 in all coins). By doing a refresh on the page the total is finally shown. (a person not having any sense in computer science would think that his money were stolen/vanished LOL).2) The TradingView chart is total rubbish (not to say anything about the default charts - horrible). For example the "measure" tool is unsable because it sticks on the price where the cursor is and it won't let you select the range that you want to measure (freely).3) There is no option to stop the market depth values from being updated (to close those panels). This thing makes browsing through the coins' charts extremely slow. Because while the data for the chart are fetched the page is being bottelnecked by the market depth prices that keep being updated on 3 panels.4) The trading experience (for me and for those who KNOW WHAT trading really means) is non-existent. No P/L values are shown. Your open trades become a "history" after 1 day. You have to click the "1 week" "! month" etc etc in order to view what the heck is currently open.5) There is no other mechanism to help you aggregate all your small remaints, that exist in the coins that you have already traded, and convert them directly to USDT. The only way is to be aggregated (with no fees) into BNB. And then guess what. You have to convert them back to USDT (with a fee). Haha. This is platform is a complete joke for kids.Stay away from this platform. And all platforms that are "branches" of this application codebase. For example OKex is the same exact sh$t with binance. Like a copy-paste of the binance platform.

Binance community angels are one of the most unprofessional why have people that act like a bunch of kids running there telegram group.

CUSTOMER SUPPORT IS ZERO !!! They just blocked my account and i can not reactivated. I am a programmer so i undestand good how to do all procedures. But still i can not access my acount and Binance inc don't care.

Top of the Range! That's why All government against it.Use this company for many years and honestly I can't found any issue. Very strict policy in listing tokens etc.. no much rubbish tokens compared to others!100% I recommend BINANCE (if you know what you do of course cause it's very easy to lose your money!)

I opened a margin position NEO/USD and when the market dropped I wasn't able to sell nor close my entire position due to a jurisdiction error leading to me losing almost my entire banroll due to liquidations. The jurisdiction ban is not supposed to take place untill december in my country (The Netherlands) and moreover after the crash was over the jurisdiction error was gone.. All Binance customer support did was hide behins terms & conditions. This is nothing shy of theft (they profit of liquidations) and your money is not safe with binance.

Very easy to buy crypto, absolutely impossible to withdraw your money when you want to. Horrendous customer service, basically non existent. Never using this platform again. I would give zero stars if possible, one star is too generous.

This is a very fiddly app to use and doing the most simple tasks such as withdrawing money is an absolute faff. I actually think that this is a scam because I can't withdraw money as the main channel to do so is suspended and I get an error each time I try to do a bank transfer. I will never use them again and I would also encourage others to never use them either.

BinanceDon't deal with this company you cant withdraw your BTC. They say your transaction was denied. Put they did not refund my BTC.Plus there is no way of contacting them avoid this company

This is a SCAM company BEWARE!! I put in a £1000 in April and decided to cash out now, but they are not allowing me to withdraw! my money is stuck there and all the investments are going down. I feel sorry for anyone who put their life savings into this FRAUDULENT broker. save yourself and use coinbase instead. it worked very well. THIS IS A HORRIBLE THIEF COMPANY. STAY CLEAR. I HAVE LOST £1000.

I am pretty satisfied so far , the staff is ok , went through the whole process , wasn't easy . I will request a withdraw and lets see what i need to do . Unfortunately I have been scammed in the past .

Between Binance and Coinsbank they are both SCAMMERS.Saw an advert and showed an interest.  I received a call and everything was very professional. They took my details name address etc and assigned a number. Then someone else rang and said I could earn some money from short term investment. They then told me to go to the app store and download an app.  They then directed you and like a fool I went into my bank account.  They also had me create an account on Binance trading platform. I thought I was getting some money straight to my bank account but they was withdrawing my money. Then they said I would have to pay an additional £900.00 but I didnt have any money left in my account.  They instructed me to transfer my overdraft. The penny dropped that this was a scam!!!! The acts with Binance and Coinsbank has been creating using my email address and passwords. I have since changed the passwords so only I can access but I now need to figure out how to get my money out of Coinsbank.I  have written to Binance and received no reply.  I am so angry with these unscrupulous people

They prefer to avoid verify your account to keep the funds!

DO NOT BUY from this platform. You can easily buy crypto but when it comes to pulling money out, you can forget it. My entire saving here has been lost and isn't even showing anywhere now. Absolute fraudsters

If you're in Europe you will not be able to withdraw your money. No bank transfer option in Euros and card withdrawal fails everytime.Their customer service replies 1.5 years later 😂 see reply.

To check authentication of binance app, try buy any coin and you will see the price will start moving down,  same when you sell then price will start with bull run.

This one star is way too much. Can we give negative stars then -10 stars. The customer service is a customer harassment service. They do not listen they do not solve the problems, complete disaster. I think they hack themselves the accounts of their customers... strong statement but this is my only logic conclusion left after 3 weeks working every day a few hours to get my mail address which was unbound for unclear reasons again bound to my account. I had six chat already, they close them each time unsolved and you have to restart the story all over again. No possibility to have sombdy at the phone or mail, only their "chats" controlled by themselves. Please stay away from Binance this is a complete disaster.

Its insane that a company this big is that bad. Sending my second deposit transaction got lost they couldn't do anything about it. Now 6 months later i want to withdraw my money, no chance they do anything to take your money from you.One star is even to much. Take your money and run please run be warned.

Binance is garbage i tried to get an account verified as a business sent documents 4 times....not worth doing anything with binance look elsewhere...

They can't even get their facial recognition software to work properly when you are verifying your account, God know what they will do with your money. I did everything they told me to do and the facial recognition apparently thinks I'm not me, so if they failed at this basic thing...I wouldn't trust any financial transactions with them at this point which is unfortunate because some crypto currencies are only available through them or pancake swap, it really ruins the experience of having to go through them to get stuff, it basically just causes me to wait for the crypto to be available ANYWHERE ELSE but Binance. I've signed up on many sites because I have different Crypto investments and I have never had this problem.Awful.

nice exchange for quick crypto transaction

Fu*king scammer! After I noticed this s**t cant use in AU, I tried to log in, but I can't log in! So my money inside! Fu*k off Binance and fu*king trash platform ever!

Lost 150 euros because they suspended an withdraw of my own money. They asked me to appeal to their decision and they will answer within 7 days. Absolute joke, I've already confirmed my account 4 times before. Taking all of my money out to Coinbase. Absolute joke this company

Can't start feedback without considering fair the quality of service we benefit so far.As we all know that things are in motion dynamic and most of the Issues or bugs unsolved yet they are probably working on it.  Is always important when we jump in temporary negative feedbacks to big projects to acknowledge and appreciate the work so far with the huge energy time resources involved so people can benefit from this service . Is a circuit in the mechanics of how things work to appreciate things first and have the base component in the sequence so our great expectation will be rewarded ahead?   The trading platform has ``flow`` is good dynamic with a pleasant color design and intuitive navigation menu, but in contrast, there were some essential aspects that on other trading platforms come as  default basis:A demo option to familiarize with platform interface tools and how it works.1. After a decade in the trading field on Binance I discovered the only platform where you are not able to save your chart color preferences, very important because you have to change them on every session or new chart.(especially for persons with the inability to distinguish the differences between certain colors (red/green), after a decade in the trading field 2. You are not able to open more than 9 charts, or see your position entry/exit on the chart3. On Binance Trading you are not able to track live your trading position status profit/loss or as historic as the live difference between the opening price with price now or the ``complete metrics`` overall historic of all the trades closed.4. Despite all fan tokens are delicately presented on the Coinmarketcap with a Binance link you are not able to buy them because are not listed yet, for example, GAL, SAUBER, CITY, AFC, YBO, CAI, and so on, but available on Coinbase.Encompassing the complexity of this constantly expanding crypto field as we are in the beginnings part of a larger network mechanism of services all the bugs or issues are understandable. We just have to be patient

Shockingly poor website. Overly complicated, even for the crypto scene (which is saying something).Overall experience is extremely untrustworthy.I only used it because it is one of the very few options currently available for the coin I wanted (and I'm half-expecting I won't see that money again). I have no doubt this will be eclipsed by an easier exchange in the future.And the charges are horrendous.I would not recommend it at all if you can possibly avoid it for the coin you want.For coins you can get elsewhere, strongly consider going elsewhere.

Love almost everything about itBut too high fees :(20 Euro for withdrawing small amount of Btc?Like w t f? :D

Discovered that someone has stolen my identity and set up an account on Binance and they couldn't seem to careless. Avoid at all costs.

Absolute scam ! They sent me an email, asking to do a transfer of 14000 pounds to my wallet. After doing so, a scammer called Hamdulla ( If it is his real name ) went into my computer with anydesk and took everything out ! Do not use this website ! They will take your hard earned money !

After seeing ratinga of binance I am not going to deposit money I think this app is scam and fraud because rating are 2 from 5 OMG think before using binance 😡😡

Bought 0.5 Bitcoins from Binance successfully. After that I invested them at (Profitable.is) and got paid 0.15 Bitcoins successfully! Long live.

...unfortunately, having traded with binance.com for approx. 3 weeks, a serious problem has cropped up. The withdrawal of Solana funds have been suspended. Curiously, a question of mine relating to the outage on reddit was deleted by the binance moderator. Chat support on the plattform says network errors are to blame. Solana can be withdrawn from coinbase though, ... so no problem with the Solana network. Furthermore (I only tested with a small sum), Solana can  be sold for BTC on their plattform. Make of this what you want... I am out of there. P.S: Customer support confirmed that my account is OK (and I could withdraw another currency)

Went to withdraw funds, was made to change my password due to 'not changing it recently enough' despite the fact I had to change it less than a week ago. Free withdrawals are 'down for maintenance' and have been for the past 3 months, forcing me to use the withdrawal method that charges a fee.

Please avoid binance for your own safety and good. Zero customer care, they don’t give a fxck about you. They will restrict your account and have their customer care respond once every two weeks while your funds are held. These guys are thieves and crooks. Chinese thieves .

Wouldn't allow me to withdraw money to my bank

I'm warning  everyone I logged into my account 2 days ago September 10 2021 to find that my password and Google authenticator key were changed.  Yes you heard right changed & I was unable to log in but after an exhaustive Effort I managed to change my login password but unable to reset the Google authentication so far.   I find it funny that all this happened when the market crashedUpdate sep 12 2021 Customer service were extremely rude and horrible but I managed to finally reset my Google authentication and disable it.   unfortunately afterwords I tried to activate it again but didn't work.   I believe  Somebody from the binance staff has tampered with our passwords and keys.   I believe It's probably a mechanism they use so not to allow people to withdraw their cryptos

Without any explanations, you can't trade and you never understand why. With fully approved account you can use only P2P services. Just for correct EU citizens! I really don't know how is for the others. It's a shame!

Binance appears to be reputable and reliable BUT IT IS NOT. Terrible customer service when (frequent) problems need resolving, and most critically YOU CANNOT MAKE WITHDRAWALS. So no ability to SEPA transfer fiat (funds) back to your bank account (even though this is how i deposited the funds in the first place!). Your only option is if you have a VISA card (and I do not) which means basically Binance keeps your funds. Because you cannot access your own funds. AVOID BINANCE AT ALL COSTS AND USE ANOTHER EXCHANGE - I suspect they will be charged with fraud and cease trading eventually.

They keep spamming me with emails, even though I specifically didn't agree for them to send me emails, and whenever I block their emails they just spam me from a different address.

The most awful support I have ever, ever had the displeasure of dealing with.I hope if you use binance, nothing ever goes wrong for you. Because if it does, you are truly on your own.The chat support elevated me to a ‘specialist team’. The specialist team consisted of someone who responded by no more than a sentence or two every 3-4 days and ignored any questions I had asked. What’s more. They responded with extremely broken English, to the point where what they were asking me to do didn’t make sense, so I would have to ask for clarification and wait another three days, and then they would repeat what they said in the same way, no clarification.Pathetic company not worth the risk of something going wrong, Use other exchanges! I hope they get shut down so that they can’t have infuriate anyone else/waste anyone else’s times/lose anyone’s else’s money because I’m pretty sure Binance ‘support’ is just a bunch of badly programmed bots.

I wanted to invest some more money on Bitcoin with my Binance account. So far they have taken my money and disappeared. All I wanted to do was to transfer more funds to my Binance account. I get directed by Binance to a contact with an entity I am told I can pay by SEPA called CoinClan. It appears I reserve 2000 Euro worth of Bitcoin. The instructions have all the technical indications for completing the payment between my bank in Italy to their bank in GB in the name of CoinClan. Sept 3 the payment is completed. Sept 7 I start to ask what happened to my money? I have wasted days - as if I was a teenager with nothing to do in life - asking for information about my payment to Coinclan in GB. Everybody replies speaking decent English, but decent is not enough when you ask a person what did they do with your money and why they don't give it back. Each person that replies has a different version of what went wrong, or maybe it is their inexact English. At one point I am put in contact with Coinclan which sends me to some site which is verifying my identity. Or is it stealing my identity? They require endless proof of residence. They say 1 document is enough, but 3 documents are better. After 10 documents uploaded, they still say I fail the test. I wasted an evening. I have never shared so many personal proof-of-identity documents with anybody in my life. What are they doing with all my documents? Who are they? At  this point I see a button which allows me to cancel the operation. I press that button. The assistance now says in approximate English that it was they who cancelled and I can beg for a review. Nobody replies to my request for a refund openly. When I was a kid we called this "a monkey house". Want to trust your money to a "monkey house"? I am out of 2000 Euro but I won't lose sleep over it. I sure don't treat a good client that way.

Very good Platform, amazing products, but the worst Support i have ever seen, dumber than a AI Bot pogrammed by an three year old, cant solve the simplest problem, i think they are just sitting around waiting to finish their work time..

I spent so much time setting up an account they are super intrusive, asking pictures, ID, phone verificationsAfter all that effort I still can t buy cryptos, I was barred from buying it with fiat money without any explanations. Started an "appeal" that will take 3 to 7 daysTotal waste of efforts and time, ended up asking a friend to buy crypto for me.

If the stop loss and limit orders worked it would be f-ing great. I have lost so mush money because it never f-ing work. Its time to go to another crypto exchange

Horrendous. The people at the customer service do not understand English well enough. When I wrote to them about 15 times that I am locked out of my account.... They said they didn't understand the problem. They refused to put in contact with a supervisor, another help desk and wasted days of my time. I can no longer access my account. I would strongly caution anyone from using binance. I see that there are many legal cases against them. It seems to me that the customer service is in on the fraud given their absolute refusal to help in any way.

I cannot withdraw my money.Luckily only $50 to try it out.Do not invest in this.

I've tried to withdraw VET from binance to kucoin, around 6200 vet. And they Split the coins to 3 differents adresses. Leaving me with two third of my money(3800vet). It's all written on the vchain blockchain, when i talked about this on binance, they said that I never had more than 3800 vet on my binance account, because it's the amount specified in my withdrawal history.

Untrustworthy.I could send money to binance just fine with my bank card. However, the same card wasn't supported for withdrawal as for withdrawal my country isn't supported. It is morally appaling to accept payments from a card who's country isn't supported without the slightest warning, yet refuse withdrawals.

If binance wants to phone me tel 07791215488 i put money into binance account and when i checked my wallet it had all gone just after uk closed them down, then my bank contacted me saying they are preventing money going from barclays accounts to binance.i contacted binance chat as you cannot phone them and they told me my money as gone into four other wallets but they don't have a clue who took it or where it gone because they cannot trace it,So i lost all my moneybinance as no address to write to them or telephone contact details.is binance scaming people.stay from binance.i have contacted Action fraud

Easy to use, but im not sure about wallet security.

Luckily I only tried this with a small amount! At first seemed ok I had verified and was good to go, the coins were growing and falling in price quite normal I expect and I was just leaving them so I could watch and see over time. The next thing I know there’s an update and after the update an email to verify again! Now it says I’m a new user and my purchases have gone…. Is it a scam or a mistake I have no idea as no one has got back to me from the company. I would not recommend this app….

They never verify my identity scam exchNger

Just horribly run business near non egzisting customer service. Just plain rude.

I have been trying to withdraw my crypto for over 72 hours, and still haven't been able to do so. Even after 10 successful ID Verifications and stupid videos they made me do to convince them that its really me they still failed to accept my withdrawal. If I manage to take my money out I am definitely NEVER using Binance again.

Same as Woody - ID verification a complete disaster and the app wouldn't accept facial recognition against all the docs I uploaded. After far too many attempts, I just had to give up trying to validate my identity. When I asked them to delete my account and my VERY personal information, they said No. Apparently accounts and data cannot be deleted. All your personal data, ID, pictures, videos (with your voice on) will be on their servers forever!  So sign up only if you are happy with that, knowing that you will not get to use the service properly once all this is uploaded and you can't pass verification. I'll sleep slightly better when my current passport runs out - the rest is theirs forever! I have a screenshot of the in-app chat and case ID in case Binance would like to dispute this or correct their support staff.

Terrible site. Tried to set up account, but wouldn't accept scanned ID and proof of address. But this was clearly attached. But there is no way of going back and reloading it and no way to contact a human being from the contact details on the website. Reading other reviews it looks like I dodged a bullet on this one as it appears thousands think the same as I do.

Watch out for market prices. There appears to be an inbuilt algorithm (tested this with pro spot trading) which increases/lowers the market price when buying/selling crypto or increases the price when converting fiat to crypto. The transaction price will be something like 3% lower or higher than the market price depending on your transaction and ultimately results in less returns or even losses is there isn't significant upward movement on the market. This is fraudulent and I've mentioned this to their customer service. Their excuse is that markets are constantly changing, yet on another device l can check the markets to prove the prices only change when making a transaction?? Platform is now a total scam

Transfered $27,000 into this account. Been trying for a month to get my money out. After weeks of fighting I was able to recover $15000 and the other $12000 is gone. Says it was successful on the wire transfer but the money never actually gets transfers and is now gone from both accounts. DO NOT PUT MONEY IN THIS ACCOUT. ITS A SCAM!!!!!

Bad platform.It is not possible to withdraw money

For me i have had no problems with binance with staking,i understand alot of banks and government financial sec are blocking binance until they follow their country regulations ,which will def take several months to change,my advice to people who want to withdraw fiat is to convert our crypto to xlm or polygon then send to another exchange where you can cash out to fiat ,with xlm and polygon the gas fees are pennies

It's okay, anyways thank you.

Say goodbye to any money you ever leave on this exchange.Even when not being leaned on by regulators the fees were extortionate and it was near impossible to withdraw to fiat.I will stop short of hoping they fail because I can't take a defunct business to SCC.

They blocked my withdrawals for 48h after changing my phone number. Customer service was terrible in the process to solve this issue. In the end they didn’t solve it and I had to wait 48h while important time sensitive payments had to be made. Unbelievable

I wanted to provide a second review of Binance.com as a sort of follow-up after my last review. I waited a little while to try and see if I was able to get my money back from them.. yet despite this extra time I am still unable to withdraw my money. The withdraw to card option (Visa Card 1.5% fee) doesn't work, so although they offer it it is somewhat irrelevant as no matter what amount i have requested thats much LESS than what i have available constantly 'fails'. Its a total scam getting you to essentially invest and then they keep your money. I have £128.25 with them, it was at one point over £138 but as you can't get your money from them it can of course reduce/rise but as I have mine kept in GBP since i wanted to withdraw funds it shouldn't fluctuate as much as it had.. and funny enough they only say i can withdraw a max of 127.77 even when i had over £130 in the account... PLEASE AVOID GIVING THEM YOUR MONEY AND SAVE YOURSELVES HASSLE ESPECIALLY AS APPARENTLY THIS CHINESE COMPANY IS UNDER REGULATORY INVESTIGATION.

I used used this platform for cryto trading. It was a mostly a smooth experience, although when I needed customer service was frustrating. I withdrew easily when I was done with trading, but be aware the you´ll need to go through identity checks. If you have not done those, that mean you wont be able to withdraw immediately - sounds upsetting, but actually it is a nice security feature (I don´t know if the competitors have better procedures). Regulatory problems in UK and EU are a bit worring (and that includes the halting of SEPA transfers).

Absolute Joke, they changed the terms of service without letting anyone know, so no withdrawals for UK accounts, have to go through P2P, took them 2 months to let me know thats how to do it, and when I asked customer service they sent me a f-ing link for mobile banking. Oh, and customer service is whenever they feel like replying, no 'back to you in an hour', its up to 48 hours, and after that they close the complaint.Basically, they don't give an unholy hell about you as long as they get their 1%.DO NOT USE

I was shocked people are saying binance is a scam site,but then they started playing games and locking my account and demanding crazy requests so it looks like they are trying to do everything they can to not release my account and steal my 32,000$ , keep away

This is a criminal enterprise cloaked. The chat staff are like robots that deserve a Nobel prize for customer dissatisfaction. A waste of time to list their atrocities but a word for the wise, RUNAWAY! Take all you have from Binance.com and all their covert fraudulent associates eg Binance Exchange. You will thank me later.

super disappointing !they blocked my money cause i said while i was chatting with support that i have 2 passport  from germany and also Iraq , and because the second country was not supported they blocked my money 50,000 usd!!!!! they didnt even let me convert it to BTC for withdraw it! very bad supportplease be aware , neveeeeeeeeeeer trust binance to hold over 5000 , that was the mistake i made , SCAM!

One of the best and fastest exchanges out there, I use both Binance and KuCoin and am very happy. On Binance you can get the best leverage for your coins.

I was actually quite happy with Binance until I decided to move to another Exchange and asked for my account to be deleted. Customer service is non existent, no emails or phone numbers available, the only option is live chat and the person on live chat basically stated that they don't have that option at the moment and that I should try later. It seems ridiculous that the customer support is unable to provide any actual support and that after moving your account to a new exchange, they expect you to monitor Binance announcements and then reapply for account deletion some time in the future where they may or may not allow you to delete your account.

I have been trading with Binance for a few months now.  I went to a de activation of my account and I did not know the reason.Finally, after 3 days, I got to know the real reason behind this de activation.  I got all my money back and all went very well.I have been very satisfied with Binance although it might took a bit longer than what I was expecting.  Now, all is back to normal.I appreciate Binance as they were professionnal, even if I did not like to have my account de activated.

It's impossible to get funds out of Binance without paying crazy fees and going through third party dodgy companies.And getting funds into it is very easy, so it's a trap.

Since a while already there is no real way of cashing out money for free.SEPA is blocked for over a month already.Cashing out to credit card has fees.And no. I dont want to use and subscribe for another, unknown, cashing method.

No way to withdraw Euro for me. Frauds. The ways to withdraw Euro are suspended all the time and it's costing me money. Be warned and choose another platform.

A website that cleverly disguises itself as an opportunity to make money by buying and trading crypto currency. Very easy to accept your had earned money and hard to withdraw your funds from.Tried to withdraw and was prompted to verify identification which I had already done sceptically as the amount of id included personal info along photo id submission. After I requested a withdrawl form my account the next day my balance for all purchases was zero. Tried to check transaction history and no records could be found for deposits. Tried to contact Binance using it's bot portal which is totally useles and then I read comments on here with similar circumstances that has happened to them. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY IF YOU WANT TO INVEST YOU'D BE BTTER OFF USING THE STOCK MARKET THAT WAY IF YOU LOOSE MONEY YOU CAN SEE WHERE IT WENT

I'm shocked people are saying binance is a scam site, we Indians use it, though it is had to trade,but it is a nice site

Non-US bankaccount owners are unable to cash out!They deliberately make it impossible to cash out/ withdrawal your funds if you do not have a US bank account! Only one mechanism to cash out, using credit card. But this doesn't work. Servicedesk employee says: Sorry, cannot help you. Try another credit card. Furthermore they charge a fee of 1.8% for withdraw if it would work. SEPA is not working for months now for some mysterious reason they will not specify.The only thing you can do is convert it to btc, withdraw it to a EU managed wallet (like bitvaro), convert it back to currency and cash out.Binance will NOT help you.

"something went wrong with the server" constantly when trying to use the app.

Withdrawal is very difficult. They have withdrawal minimums + you can only use high-fee methods (no SEPA) + they refuse most cards in most countries. There is a very high chance they will let you deposit easily but never withdraw which makes them a useless service.

The platform itself is very good but it is more about knowledge and information on how to use it. Sometimes from my experience I know there are some people who even don't know to fulfill some details about themselves. That's why first you have to make sure that you are doing properly.

The bad reviews are NOT fakeBinance has my funds and locked me out of access to my account. The live chat people constantly throw up barrier after barrier...do this, now do that...and never actually give me access to my money.  They are thieves and this business should be shut down.

Account WipedHaving traded for 3 months I logged in today to find no record of any transactions and that my account had not been verified. On "Chat" I was repeatedly told my account had not been verified. I sent screenshot after screenshot showing emails and texts from Binance, receipts of deposits I had made, deals I had placed etc.The response: "System doesn't show that".I've had my concerns about Binance and this confirms them all.Update: if you see a glowing review from "Nobita", check his / her  other "reviews" out. Looks like BS, Smells like BS...Is BS

Incredibly hard to withdraw moneyWebsite is fine, but it's a hassle to get money out, and bank transfers will constantly be "down for maintenance" as well as require sending them pictures and government ID and much else. One of these steps require human approval which apparently takes several weeks to go through. It's definitely not worth the hassle as there are other alternatives out there which are far easier to withdraw from.

Wouldn’t bother with this app if I was you. Is easy to put money in but when you try to get it out it’s like an obstacle course. I tried to contact them to let them know my account was unable to be verified despite having all the legit documents and they gave me an agent to sort this issue I spoke to him for 5 minutes and he was never to be seen again. I have also emailed the company regarding this issue and I’m yet to have a response I’m now £15 down and I’m definitely glad it’s not more so definitely waste of time bothering with this company as you’ll never see any money again

Their customer service chat is bogus they never reply when they supposedly transfer you to a specialist I have over $2000 on their platform and I am fearing the worst that I will never be able to withdraw because of their crackdown in the USA. Wouldn't not trade on their platform until you have Intermediate Verification!

Some people leaving reviews on here either don't know how to trade, or are just leaving false reviews for scamming reasons. If you don't know how to trade, or know that trading involves risks then leave the hell alone. You are just making it more difficult for the rest of us.

It beginning to look like  scam where they let it work with some people to put doubt in.  They took the money no problems but won't let me withdraw anything without more and more verification which seems built not to work, the rejection email came within 30 seconds.  I don't want level 2 as this means nothing to me. I would never put that much in. I just want my £50 back.I am coming to terms with the fact taht I will never be getting my money back.

They have server issues, so if you are into trading and when big dumps or pumps happen don't expect to gain anything because you won't be able to do anything... You can't even market sell because of their bad servers and then they say you had no issues when they admit they had the issues...

i have not been able to withdraw any of my funds, and has shown the withdraw option has been suspended for over 3m now. the support is very poor.

To withdraw money if your in Uk open a account with Kraken exchange, buy a coin on Binance and sell to USDT cheaper than converting cash to USDT. Then send to your USDT to your USDT wallet adress on kraken, Send a small amount to test before sending the total amount to kraken wallet, you can send to uk banks with faster payment or card with kraken as they are not banned in UK.

THIEVES!This app is ok except when you want to withdraw your funds. No problem depositing but when you want your mom ney back the faster payment channel has been suspended for over a week now since I first attempted to withdraw my money.

"Binance.com" does not allow me to withdraw. They are not accountable. They are scammers.

This is a scam o high degree.I've informed the Swedish newspapers and so on so I hope they buy it.Jimmy J.

Very disappointed with Binance . After a long day with no movement, as soon as things start to move , Binance has server update that takes around 5 hours . This happened with no prior notice . Very unprofessional. Moving my coins out to KuCoin

Really really bad platform. The face verification just didn't work. I registered 2 days ago and tried to pass verification till today... When in addition I saw "By crypto" is under maintenance, I just deactivated the account. This platform is a joke

Cant withdraw any money invested, customer support is beyond useless and just keep repeating 3 options that dont work or require taking a loss. You would be better off trading money with some random dude in a dark back alley.

It's getting worse with themYou deposit BTC with the Segwit protocol or the Native Segwit protocol (fee of about 0.05 cents) but with the Legacy protocol payout where the minimum fee for today is 22 €.  It does not make sense .For this fraud, for example, on reversed tokens.  Customer service is rude and has no knowledge of the scope of its work.I advise against this Chinese trickster.

Sent £600 from binance to coinbase and due to binance allowing payments to be made on networks they are not accepted on has cost me to loose my money.  They tell me its not their problem and cant do anything about it.  Absolute joke of a company and customer service is some of the worst I have ever come across.

One of the best...very safe and secure...even a lot of my customers/friends have been doing their transaction for  over more than two three years..they have never told me negative reviews about Binance...There are a lot of fake reviews here..it is certain...

Hi there. No doubt this platform is the most reliable platform to invest & deposit in the world. I advise everybody to invest in this reliable site, both spot & futures.

Being involved in crypto requires you to be very time sensitive. Binance likes to do unnecessary things such as, halt your withdrawal for 12 to 24 hours.. so that you cannot move around your funds, even if you have KYC'ed. If you want a reliable exchange, don't use this.

just stay away. They easily steel your money and you can not do anything about it. They block your account and assets and you can not convert or withdraw and they give you three days then they deactivate your account and based on their policy your money is their’s if you don’t withdraw

You are not allowed to speak to a human being so if anything goes wrong you have to deal with chat channels populated by people not trained to help but fob you off. I was willing to transfer a lot of business their way but am having serious doubts now. They lose out. Little wonder the UK regulator has given them the "not here thank you." I wish them every success and may they learn from all their mistakes, such as don't p*** off your customers.

BINANCE is so sh it dont make any accounts on it dont move money on it. FULL SCAM  if you bring money in binance they they dont give it back withdrawl fee 30 euro... grazy faking sh itheads i hope they burn in hell. and when u try P2P sell then is only 1 faking MASTERTRADER who buy from u bitcoin at orice 25k/euro when real price is 37k. go in hell binance, give my money back.

No withdrawals possible. The Binance Support recommends to convert your holdings to P2P stable coin and then get it paid out to bank account. Of course fees are high. After converting all my Fiat to crypto, sending my Crypto to a hardware wallet I cut my losses with them and closed my account!!! Hands off.

Easy to trade and withdraw, but i don't know if Binance can keep my e-wallet safe.

Ridiculous 4 days money withdrawal shut for matienence

I CANT PAY WITH MY WALLET THIS SITE SCAMMER

binance.com is a scam site used to phish passwords for binance.us

The user interface is nice but I still don't get it. After I convertaed my Bitcoin to other altcoins, the Bitcoin balance updated under my wallet only after 20 seonds it was scarry since I saw 0 in my other crypto and 0 available for converation in my Bitcoin Balance.

I exchanged some tokens through Binance on SwapSpace and they promised an amount I would receive which was the most out of a number of providers. By the time the transaction was complete, I had 140 less tokens.

I like projects which Binance has launched. The only things I regret that they are closing Asset-Token trading.

withdrawals have been "suspended" for a few weeks now. I'm sure they'll still take your money though!

If you want to do a simple transfer, don't use binance. They're charging too much for network fee. 50% of the amount you're trying to send.

I tried a lot of exchanges but binance is the best. Especially the staking menu.

Genuine site. I have been able to deposit, trade and withdraw. Steer clear of margin trading unless you are a professional investor. The UP and DOWN coins seem to be a waste of time but the rest all work fine. Customer service is slow verging on non existent so I would say this site is good providing you don't run into any issues on it.EDIT: Since my above review on 4/8/21 I have to say the Customer Service has improved and recently I was able to contact Support and had a helpful response back same day.

I tested BINANCE out to see if they were a trustworthy source to buy, sell and transfer bitcoin. The platform is NOT AT ALL user friendly.When I transferred my money out of my account they charged me $18 on a $50 transfer (38%) compared to about $2 at coinbase.FIND SOMEONE ELSE TO DEAL WITH!

I forgot my password so had live chat with some bloke that fobbed me off,he said my email address wasn't verified,but how did I make £80 worth of purchase if it wasn't verified,I think I must except I've lost my money,take my advice avoid binance.

Binance is the king, fully focused on us small retailers unlocking the peer to peer economy, having the best liquitidy around and the cheapest fees. The earn ecosystem is simply asthonishing. All banks are dead long live Binance

it took 6 working days for Binance to fleece me of all my savings and to put my account in negative. Binance open the Coinnery account for me on Friday 23rd July. I am 65 years old & retired. on Friday 23rd July Ben from Binance called me and suggested I should invest using Coinnery. before I realised what was happening they got into all my bank accounts using "anydesk" and coerce me to put as much as i could into the trading platform. Put an illegal credit onto my account so that I was forced to repay it back. Sarah the broker made my account look good for 5 days and when I wanted to take some money back she refused and on the 6th day liquidated all I had on the trading platform. I do not know where the cash went to but I can tell you they got all I had and in 6 days. do not trust Binance they are a fraud. I have now my bank and the police scam organisation to investigate in the hope of recovering what was taken.

STAY AWAY!! Crooked! Do not trust this company… they will lock up your money and crypto and make you go through hoops to make withdrawals from an account you clearly can access and own. All to try and make you loose your account and they keep your crypto!

They stole my money, zero help, zero security, and zero support.  Please run away from binance. This morning the cryptocurrencies I had on Binance were stolen.  They have not had access to my email, however they have been able to access my binance account and take the cryptocurrencies.  You talk to support but the only thing they can tell you is that they are sorry and that the issue is that they have hacked my email and that is why they have accessed my binance account.  They know which wallet the cryptos have sent to but since everything is anonymous they cannot know who they are.  Summary, that the fault is mine and I have to go to the police because they can not do anything.  I talk to Google to see how they have been able to hack my email and it turns out that they are not, there have been no suspicious accesses or anything like that. Summary, I am without money, zero help and zero security and zero support.  Please run away from binance.

please do not use this company. do not, avoid them if in the UK. you cant get your money out. avoid, avoid, avoid. i'm a real reviewer and its not worth the risk. dont do it.

They make it extremely easy to sign up, and siphon the money from your account, then shut down all cash withdrawals making it nearly impossible to get your money back. Should be ashamed of running this scheme, hope the CEO will feel even 1% of the sting he has inflicted on his loyal customers. DO NOT USE

As an avid but cautious investor, I first was introduced to Bitcoin via a very close friend in 2012. I wouldn't describe myself as obedient, but I wouldn't say I am a financial anarchist either. I decided to be pragmatic and watch how things play out. Needless to say, my friend made exponential returns, however, I well and truly missed the boat and yacht!Now, I know there are so many considerations when investing, especially in assets that are known to be highly speculative (What to buy, when to get in, and when to take profits) So even if I got involved in 2012, I can't say I would have ridden the turbulent waves until May 2021.A major bug bearer that prevented me from taking action until 2017 was finding a safe platform to buy and hold digital currency. (I initially used Coinbase, however back then AML was arduous and the selection on offer was limited) In April 2018, I began my Binance journey and can honestly say the platform has gone from strength to strength! I use both the web version and the mobile app and can say the UX is clean and straightforward. I spent an hour or so watching tutorials on YouTube and have been able to diversify my Crypto portfolio across a multifarious range of stable, utility, and hype coins/tokens and projects.It seems a lot of the negative reviews on here are fake and you should try the platform for yourself. However, if you are in the UK and bank with a traditional retail bank, Binance has come under some opposition and you may find it difficult to add funds to your account.

Really enjoying my Binance experience. I can’t see why people are complaining. Surely if you follow everything by the book you cannot get scammed. Binance don’t scam. Great jobThanks

They must like me. Binance sent me email.Where they informed me having for me 4.4BTC asking me to provide account where they can send it.I am so lucky! Only one thing is puzzle for me, who is the donor?When I asked nobody came back to me.

Take care this company! You can not back to your money. Last 3 weeks i can not! No any customerservice, no any telephone number. You can money transfer but you can not back! Besides i can not believe following five stars reviews Those are fake!!! However Binance not true crypto trading company. If you take to risk go to casino ..Thi is beter. One star is so much to this company!

Hello! I trade on binance! It is very convenient and understandable even for beginners, there are many auxiliary tools for technical analysis. New coins are constantly being listed. And I consider it the most secure and stable exchange from hacker attacks. Go to binance and trade with me.

This company is forbidden from trading in the uk due to money laundering and funding terrorism. That’s the first red flag.I had a small amount in my account (350) that I wanted to get out. However this is where the fun starts. They can’t refund money to uk by fast payment (they can take it!).I go to the bank transfer, my card isn’t supported (visa or MasterCard!!!) and they suggest I open a new account. Advised to switch to euros (at their rate!) and withdraw…no.Customer service is rude and no escalation process. The solution was to convert my euros to Bitcoin (they take another cut!) and to go on a p2p marketplace where I’m essentially handing my bank details to a potential money launderer to transfer funds and I give them the Bitcoin. I believe it’s safely with me, but the 350 is now 244 due to all the transferring, converting and fees.How is this a reasonable process? Essentially thrown to some black market to arrange your own methods of getting money. Whatever gains or deals too good to miss, note the hassle you will face with Binance. You aren’t even covered by fca, so if they just keep your money, it’s your problem

Great app.. Lower fees.. and their mobile app is awesome.

I'm almost a year on Binance and last week my account got flagged as risky with "abnormal behavior" (whatever that means). I've lost an ability to purchase BTC with my CC and who knows what else (wouldn't be surprised if I'm also limited with crypto withdrawal). I've exclusively purchased BTC via Binance platform, so there are no "suspicious" transactions in or out and I was trading normally during that time. My Binance account is verified. No excessive gains or losses. Nonetheless, they can't do anything about that issue. Their chat/customer support is useless, blocking any question and resolvement with "I'm sorry, we can't explain anything or provide any help due to security/policy constraints". Insane, absolutely useless, leaving me with no options. I'm speechless.

Do not purchase crypto via credit card. They will DEBIT your account and send you an automated message like this:"If your account has been debited and the money not refunded within 7 business days, please contact the bank to call back the missing transaction, as it did not arrive at Binance."Pure.Utter.Rubbish.I called my bank on the 7th day. They said it was Binance side.I message BINANCE SUPPORT. It was repetitive and the customer service was extremely rude, unhelpful, repetitive template copy-paste replies AND full of wrong grammar replying with "okie" ???10th day I contacted my bank thinking binance returned my money, NO they didn't. And again said it wasn't processed. YET IT WAS

NEVER NEVER PUT ANY MONEY INSIDE , WE CHARGEBACK FOR AN UKNOWN PAYMENT IN PAYPAL AND IT ENDED UP TO BE BINANCE P2P TRANSACTION OF 20$ , THE SELLER REPORTED US AS P2P FRAUD , WE HAVE 1 MONTH TRYING TO REACH THE SELLER AND HE DOES NOT ANSWER , BINANCE LOCKED MY 350$ FIAT WALLET SAYING WE HAVE ZERO TOLERANCE ON FRAUDS AND THEY WILL NEVER UNBLOCK ME, I EXPLAINED 10 TIMES IN CHAT FOR OVER 2 MONTHS NOW TRYING TO MAKE THEM UNDERSTAND THAT THE SELLER NO LONG ANSWER TO SOLVE THE ISSUE . BASICALLY BINANCE IS HAPPY TO TAKE MY 350$ OVER A 20$ FRAUD THAT I OFFERED TO EVEN PAY BACK DOUBLE BUT SINCE SELLER IS INACTIVE WE CANNOT DO ANYTHING AND BINANCE IS NOT HELPING AT ALL , WHO IN THE WORLD HAVE SUCH A POLICY "WE HAVE ZERO TOLERANCE ON P2P FRAUD" ARE YOU SERIOUS ? BILLIONER COMPANY STEALING POOR PEOPLE MONEY BECAUSE THEY CANT HANDLE TO SOLVE A CASE? YOU ARE THE BIGGEST JOKE COMPANY I EVER MET IN MY LIFE , TRASHES

The website keeps logging me out each time I try to withdraw. No support.It used to be the best exchange.RIP binance.com

great wallet. i bought bitcoin and received bitcoin very easily. no issues with my bank. very good

CASE ID #74626651Deposited 150 EUR via SEPA (30/06/2021), suddenly rejected the payment due to new country restrictions or something like that!They said that a refund will be issued within 7-14 working days, I contacted them many times and still I don't see any money back to my account, although we passed 14 working days already. One of the agents said that the refund was issued on 12/07 and she refused to give me any banking reference number to track the claimed refund. Later on, other agents denied that and said they did not issue any refund yet.They basically stole the money, I will remove this review only when I see my money back to my bank account.

It's a scam avoid at all costs. I can't withdraw my money anymore and they won't reply to messages.

EXIT SCAM COMPANY!Wont let me pay out my my cash to sepa since months.Also wont let me buy crypto with money i got deposit with them!!!!!So i can move my money at all!NEVER EVER send them money!I warned you my friend. 1000€ frozen in that account. Exspect already to get it never back. They have no customer support at all.You can search for houres. they dont have one.

PC application is intentionally coded to cause bigger losses than what they should be. It is filled with intentional ridiculous "bugs" that never get fixed. From a software developer's point of view it's basically a scam - not a professional trading platform. Do not even dream of doing intra day trading with it.

WATCH OUR FROM "BINANCE"BINANCE ARE THIEVES.READ BELOW AND WATCH OUT!This is a true story and not a hoax. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.Hi all, this is to let you know that the exchange platform by the name of BINANCE just stole my money and did not pay me my dues. They refused to acknowledge the amount of money I made when the crypto market went up today and I sold my Ether, so they refused to pay me my money. They are scammers, hustlers, you cannot trust them, watch out, they will steal your money, cheat and lie to you. Believe me, this is my story. I lost my money today although I made a profit when the market went up they refused to pay. Don't trust them!!!!!!!!BINANCE IS A SCAM!!!!!!!!!

The first few weeks are okay so that you get some money into binance. Then you try to login and suddenly sms text notification is required too. But they do NOT send you an sms text notification. So you click re send, again and again .... and again and again, binance does NOT send you any sms text notifications to you ..... so you cannot access your account anymore and binance gets your money. Clever huh?

Do not put any money in to Binance! They are scam artists! They won’t let you transfer your money back out to you . They have no way to contact them , and once you put money into margin that’s basically gone . Terrible app

By now i have a couple of years of experience with Binance. Pros: Interest rate of saving is ok, interest rate of staking is superb. Diversity of investment options also superb. Up to now no problems encountered with intra-crypto transactions in and out of the exchange. Triple 2-Factor-Auth (email, phone, authenticator) for withdrawals and whitelistings is also superb, whitelisting of withdrawal address adds to the security. Cons: Was not able to withdraw fiat (EUR) though, validation error alwalys occured with my credit card, no clue what the problem is from the error message. Tried to reach support via live chat several times without success, waited for hours before i gave up. There is neither email nor telephone support! The most terrible support experience i ever had in my life. Cannot understand how the biggest crypto exchange in the world can have such a poor support. This is definitely a NO-GO, therefore just 2 stars. Please Binance, work on your support service!!!

Avoid at all cost. I just tried the customer service (robot?) and they have no interest at all in solving ID verfication issues. They even refuse to close your account after you have locked it (to get it deleted). Makes no sense at all. I sincerely believe it is an ID harvesting effort so be careful to check your ID is not being misused after your contact with Binance.Case ID #74647698

I used to be a big Binance fan.  A huge fan even.I convinced dozens of people to join.  I was one of the first 10.000 people to join.  I still use the service on a daily basis,  but I'm a lot more cautious now.See,  at crucial moments the Binance infrastructure often fails and trading becomes impossible.In this case Binance will NOT compensate,  you only get a worthless coupon.  So be careful,  this is a casino,  not a bank.Some reviews here say Binance will steal your money,  this is false.  Moreover,  tech support is the best of all the exchanges.  It's just sad that they refuse to admit it when THEY themselves fracked up.  That's the truth.

I am generally satisfied with Binace platform. I am keeping my crypto there and I never had any issue with them. App is a bit complicated, to many buttons, please make it simpler.

You can't trust binance on your money. They block me from trading and told me they will block my account in three days without giving a reason. Fortunately i read the email before the 3 days gone otherwise i could lose all my money. Scammers

I been using Binance Exchange for year great app easy to use

Absolutely disgusting and disgrace in name of support service, they cant fix their own web interface to submit request and for withdrawal appeal you just have to forget it to have any kind of response, every time chat is forwarded to next person and they ask their own things to submit so basically it goes into loop and now its almost 21 days since the support request raised and they still can not figure out , so if you are looking for support then PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS EXCHANGE!!

I wish i could show a screenshot here. Binance pursues sketchy censorship on reddit of anything that criticises the exchange. This is typical of chinese communist party crap. Censoring peoples opinions shows how much untrustworthy a service can be.

Not user friendly. Can't withdraw monies.

AVOID. I cannot withdraw my money. All withdrawal methods are suspended. They also ask for all my ID and even photos of me for some reason. Yet they were happy to accept my deposit of course! Their customer support is also useless. They dont have a phone number - huge red flag! You could lose all your money with Binance if they disappear tomorrow.

Withdrawals are extremely complex and the APP is next to impossible to understand.Customer service are very unhelpful.DO NOT USE!

Please disable auto open menu tabs! It's very very annoying. I am not very precise with the mouse and I keep getting a lot of menu options open (overlaying trading view tools) when I try to click a tradingview tool.Also when I am changing the coin pairs, its very annoying to loose the window just because the mouse is not hovering that menu. I will score 5 stars if binance responds to this message. The rest of the platform IS THE BEST. I love it over all other exchanges. Binance has my full trust.

No customer service, only robots. They freeze and block your money while working with other Fraudulent platforms such as BNB Fast Trading. Check on Youtube - "Binance related to BNB Fast Trading Fraud Scheme" Total FRAUD

One of the best exchanges I've used. Shame they are having the trouble they are as they have been my favorite crypto trading platform.

Refuse to release my money. Then basically threatened if you continue to complain you’ll never get a response:Please note, we will merge duplicate tickets into your oldest request. We will follow up there in the order received. Thank you for your continued patience.

Fiat Withdraw IssuesFiat withdraw is a pain. I used SEPA bank transfer, 7 work days passed and money didn't arrive to my bank account even the notification on Binance said successful.I appealed and 1 day later money appeared in my Binance wallet.I tried bank card transfer option and got "Issuing Country of the card is not supported" error although the issuing country is listed in the supported countries list.I tried 3 different cards from 2 different countries that are supported but no joy.How it's possible that the same card works perfectly fine when you are depositing but not being supported when you try to withdraw?

Binance Australia is the last place you want to open an account. Customer support is horrendous.

I'm really happy with the selection of coins on Binance.Only thing I don't understand is why when converting from USD to GBP the prices don't reflect correctly and GBP Vs BTC pairs have a slight mismatch in value compared to USD Vs BTC.What's the markup for?

WARNING!!  DO NOT USE BINANCE.EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to WITHDRAW FUNDS.(There are videos and complicated instructions just to make a withdrawal)EXTREMELY EASY TO DEPOSIT.They do not respond to support issues via email.They do not have a support phone number to call.

I would not even give this company 1 star. Awful, unhelpful customer service, they allow your money to be stolen, and then do not care when you inform them and do not help to retrieve it. I have many friends a family with money in binance who have now removed it due to what they have allowed to happen to me. I will be taking this further and i URGE no one to sign up with binance, unless you are okay with them stealing your money.

Bad experience, no answers on mails, got scammed once amount deducted by itself. not recommended

my BTC is stuck in Binance for 3 years or more because they have a minimum amount of withdrawal OF MORE than 50 dollars. They never changed since then they are scammers and should not be on Google.

Im fairly new to binance, and i just wanted to come on here as im impressed with them, i can see some bad reviews but ive been trading as a newby on here now for a while and they seem really fair, the lite app is easy to use as im not that experienced in crypto and wanted to give it a go, and they have been no problem withdrawing crypto to real gbp cash into my bank account it takes about 3minutes on the bank transfer option and the funds get sent to your personal bank in your local currency of choice, shame we cant have the binance card in the u.k only downside for me this far,

Binance is a highly insecure site who then make it impossible to delete your account. I signed up for Binance but never actually used it, thankfully, given that within days of joining I received a barrage of emails from them warning that my details have been compromised. I tried to delete my account on my own, was not able to, and so disabled and forgot about it. Only to continue to get email notifications about my data being breached. I then went on the chat only to speak with "CS Phil" who basically refused to delete my account or tell me how I could delete it myself (excerpt of the conversation:CS Phil: I don't advise you to delete your account, Sir, if you don't want to use your account, you can simply disable it.CS Phil: Please disable your account if you don't want to use it anymore.Me: You don't seem to be understanding. I want my email purged from your system. How do I delete my account?CS Phil: I understand however if you don't plan on using your account you can simply disable it with the link I gave you previously. Thank you for your understanding.Completely unethical, unscrupulous and unsafe site. Do not give sign up with them, let alone give them your banking details!!

GreatTher best ever, great experience.Fast payment was great now its kind of stressful.However its still the best exchange ever.

Avoid! They take your money and don't give it back.I've opened an account and made a deposit to buy some crypto, super easy, everything integrated, done in less than 10 min.When I tried to withdraw the cash back, I couldn't. They asked for "Account Verification", and I did it. Now my account is in "Assurance Review" with a expected date in 2 weeks, and I can't withdraw my money because of it.On top of it, they had problems recently with the UK government for operating without the proper licence.This is just plain fraud.

binance is the biggest exchange in the world, not great customer service.. look for smaller brokerages, better service

Binance hacked Crypto is a BIG gambe as it is.If you think hackers will not hack in to this site very easily then you deluded and nieve. $845 million was hacked on the 26th June 2021  inside Binance. They lost me £4000 and counting, my son lost £6000  my friends lost £8000.  The support or help from Binance is almost ZERO. Its a tin pot company as far as support goes.

This company is basically made up of thieves. NEVER trust them!On 19th May 2021. They suspended all trading of their Binance leveraged tokens such as #XLMUP. Those token were supposed to reflect a price movement of between 1.4 and 2.8 times the underlying instrument in this case XLM. Instead the price was manipulated more than 35 times (35x) thousands of people lost over 93% of there money in just a couple of hours. To this date Binance refuse to make any comment. If you try and go through their compensation scheme they fob you off suggesting those are the risks of buying their products. If this was anything other than crypto it would have been headline news. There are much better crypto exchanges out there. Do not trust them and get your money out quickly!

dey vry good company. i buy bitcoin with themfast verification and good websitei go to them again

Not had any problems so can’t comment on the customer service aspect but the best app with the lowest fees. Shame they are having the trouble they are as they have been my favourite trading company with the most coins.

great company. but their deposit method not always work. i try iDeal but it doesnt work. i hope they fix it in the future

I'm unable to withdraw cryptocurrency from my account. I've contacted their support but got nowhere. More likely they're going bankrupt so please take all your money while you can and spread the word.Update.It has been fixed, but it was a painful experience.

I bet that most people who have left 5-star reviews haven't yet had the pleasure of dealing with their support team. Trust me I would have left them a 5-star review as well if it was 3 weeks ago. I have been trading on Binance for about 7 years and it has been good. My withdrawal recently got locked (no idea why because they don't tell you) so I got in touch with the support team. The initial response was great from the first line, they asked me to upload a video with my ID stating the date and request to unlock the account. I did as asked within an hour. I was then informed that my case will be passed to the special security team so they can review my video. This was 3 weeks ago. I was contacted by the security team after 4 days after my initial contact and they asked me to upload another video where I should show them the chat history with them and the withdrawal page. I huffed and puffed but complied. Radio silence for 1 week then they emailed me to upload another video of my face next to the Binance withdrawal page. I complied. A week went past they messaged again asking me to reset my password and they will unlock (this was last week) but I still haven't heard anything. Some of their responses show that they don't care. Examples" do as we told you and we will unlock""Don't argue, send file and we will deal with you"So the bottom line is to have your account on a couple of exchanges, Kraken is the best when it comes to support and pray that you never have to deal with their customer services

Binance provides all the tools digital asset investors need: Crypto spot rate trading, options, futures, leveraged tokens (a kind of derivative), and of course, flexible and fixed staking/savings at incredible yields. Bitcoin currently yields a whopping 7% APR on my BTC holdings. Binance also offers debit card services earning me cashback, based on my BNB token holdings. I also maintain other crypto exchange accounts (e.g. coinbase), but Binance offers by far the best crypto service portfolio. And I absolutely love the libertarian stance Binance takes in response to regulatory threats.

By far the best trading platform....I have always issue buying crypto there directly with my card, but besides that, things running smoothly for me..

I’ve invested to what I believe to be a considerable amount on this platform and trust it implicitly. Depositing no problems as long as you stay to your daily limits and withdrawals are brilliant most being same day. I’ve used rip off etoro and various other platforms and binance is second to none.

Biggest load of scum bags on the planet, complete scammers who will rinse you of your money, stay well clear of these blood suckers seriously

Why can’t I withdraw my money!?? It keeps failing. Fcuk it keep the £20. Karmas a beeeep!!!! Glad I never invested more than £15

I couldn't finish my verification because to many errors but now I realize this is a good thing because I really didn't want to have money invested through them while this would happened...for me it's clear they are not reliable

Had my money with them. Was pretty happy. Then the FCA ruling came…no GBP deposits or withdraws and no comms. Transferred my BTC out.

Binance will lock you out of your money at their whim. It’s actually incredible what they do. When you open a ticket for support, they ignore you. How can they think it’s ok to do this with our money? If they don’t resolve my issue very soon I’m going to start spreading awareness on social media

the best world crypto exchanger with volume than 20++ billion perday. Maybe will challenge Nasdaq and SP500 in the future.

Withdrawing from them was a nightmare... scamers.

Scam artists. Stole money from me and there's no way to trace them. Had to report them to fraud department

Definitely the most reliable Crypto exchange. It is easy to deposit and withdraw fiat and crypto and the site even allows you to stake crypto for decent rewards. Customer support is lacking however.

I have had made purchase of crypto but later when I checked the found paid by my bank to binance but nothing on my binance account.  Contacted the customer service agent said the found in on floating give it 7 days will settle into your bank account.  After two weeks Contacted them again they ask me to provide proof did so then asked me again to fill in a form did so since May till now not resolved and today a customer service agent said this case is resolved but money returned yet . I lost trust on binance .

Imagine you're an active trader. Imagine you go to a country that's got issues with Binance, and you don't know this, you use a local SIM card for phone. You get your account blocked and they request KYC. Sure, I can understand it all. But having to wait 10 days for that approval? That's mad. They should prioritize people who had it blocked under these circumstances.Update based on response:  I did contact support and asked to have it expedited. It didn't help

I’m UK resident and I’m one of the victims of company Binance Exchange. The company manipulates crypto assets price in order to liquidate their clients assets. I have solid proof supporting my claim. Binance is responsible for the biggest price manipulation in the Bitcoin history. In April and May 2021 Binance have liquidated 166,550.54 BTC of their own coins for total value of approx 9.5bn USD. It was the time less expected by most investors, during “bull market” just to profit from your clients liquidations and from high BTC price. With this move Binance have filled up their pockets with your clients money, including my savings.

First all reading through these review's it's like they all copied and paste from the same person.I have used binance.com for years now and never faced problems... Now the UK has put ban's for it's citizens using the platform. Preventing people who know how to trade from trading.Binance will survive and the ban will eventually get lifted.People also get burnt in the traditional markets however if a stock is crashes in the traditional they have a protocol where that assets is frozen from retail traders to trade while institutional traders get to buy at the cheapest point, and these aren't scam's?!?! Binance is the real up or down what ever happens as long as you have knowledge you will be able to succeed. Stopping this platform isn't the answer rather than stopping the people who don't understand how to trade.

After buying crypto with £23700.00 pounds binance blocked my account and after 10days of communication they unblocked it when my money shrunk to £11000.00 pounds and I had to sell all my currency under price and leave this scam website.these people are rubbing all of us and I was stupid to find out too late.

Great platform for cryptos. However they only have few crypto options.

Difficult to withdraw money. As you can imagine, sending them money is no problem, but when you want to withdraw funds, suddenly it's a whole different story!

Binance wallet deposit but not credit but my account for debited refund..

So far so good.. Thanks

The system is rigged and the charges are not transparent. Every time a trade is made there is some extra money that gets deducted. It felt like binance picked my pocket every time. If I had known that they were not legit, for sure I would never have dealt with them. I have just lost a couple of hundred quid. I can feel for the people who have lost huge sums. FCA must take action.

There 'support' is just robots, no people to help you at all. So angry, waited 2 months and no reply to any of my 20+ mails from a human, just lazy automated reply

Binance is good service do not email any users that claim they can help you 90% of the reviews are fake to scam people off their funds.

So binance made me randomly log in to my app. When I did this it happened as if I was registering a new account and now all my crypto is gone.On top of this there is no way to speak to anyone to resolve it

Binance is legit and high trust for buy Btc,Eth,Xrp,Lite Coin,Doge Coin,Shiba inu and another Coin.. Binance allready 5 years for all forex trader or buy Btc.. So, i recommend if you want buy btc you can use Binance.

Binance future trading is just a scam nothing else. I order my position to close in zen 65.91 then it hit 65.94 and remain their much time but my coin didn’t sold. When I tried to long binance prices go higher from my buying price and pumping hard and when I tried to short binance prices go lower I couldn’t buy at higher price. Most important is you can’t close your position when it hit whatever you do long or short. I lost maximum time because of this scam. Then I go to youtube and saw that binance future trading is a big scam. A youtuber TECHLEAD explained all their future trading scam. I lost all my money in it. I did 20x leverage I could won but binance didn’t sell my coin when the position hit my target price and that’s why it hits my stop loss I lose maximum my money. I don’t know which exchanger is safe for future trading but I ensure you that binance isn’t safe for future trading. They will took all your money believe me.

Ive used them for a While now and never hade problems at all.

Hi, I was wondering after you have emailed me how do I get my money back?

I sent about 0.0015 litecoin to my account in binance.com. then when i try to get it back, i couldn't because there minimum withdraw was 0.002 litecoin. Even if i try to add some litecoin on my account and try to withdraw there fee to withdraw is to much. So i don't recommend using binance.com

Awful customer serviceThey aren’t good.They will cause you stress.

Really good app. Easy to use, feel safe.

Since 7th May. I transferred £140.00 to my Binance I had an email saying I have reached my monthly allowance and my money will be transferred back to me. I havent heard anything since from you.3 days ago I transferred £50.00 and again I received an email saying I have reached.my monthly payments limit.. How?? Your chat system is horrendous please please please please refund my money. No one is responding to me on the chat system i have sent my bank statements as proof of payment I.am honestly frustrated and fed up why you are holding onto my funds just because you can. Please give me my money.

created a basic account , advertises to its basic customers , a 2BTC withdrawal limit per day tried to with draw , and it is a SCAM they only let customers withdraw with level 2 verified accounts and the advertising to entise new customers with a basic account and a 2 BTC limit for withdrawals on it is utter scam , now in the uk The FCA are going to have their work cutt out with these scam artists and the advertising standards agency for false advertising to uk customers

all right issue with bank payment from binance system  1000 POUNDS gones from account they refund maybe this year or who knows,also i  been transfer btc to my other wallet i never received the right ammount ,fees are correct but the ammount ,what i receive always less then should be use real market boys mt4  forex or ic markets,

Yes my son  has just been scammed by your company his account locked and his money gone you will be reported to the police as a fraudulent company you steal people's money

These guys pretty much robbed my friend blind, blocked his account and have not replied to support tickets for months now. Shady as hell and definitively not how an exchange should operate.

Super easy to buy crypto, but then your screwed.  Its very hard to get money back out.    Site does not mention you'll have to register a lot of personal details to sell crypto.  I'd avoid the site, and go for one that's a bit more open as to the way the site works from the front page.  I dont trust binance. Most people, I've read, end up sending their crypto to another website that supports selling crypto easily.

On 14th June I felt victim to a major fraudulent operation where I lost £700 on Binance from my own hard-earned money. I have emailed Binance, and their automated response is a bit terrible as well as ways to contact them, so I posting this review on here so they are also made aware.I have sent an ADR dispute letter to you, which needs to be looked at immediately within the next 14 days.Regards,Jacob

Dont read negative comments.It is Good company Scammers try destroyed binance  and other good companies like coinbase. All negative comments added 1 or 2 days

Alert Alert AlertDo not be deceived. The main scammers put email addresses in the comments and encourage you to complain about Bainance Exchange !!!!They try to steal your account information and steal your money.Their story begins with the first email you send them.Bainance Exchange is the best and I wish them success.

Overall best crypto exchange. Has some risks but you can avoid them.

Avoid at all costs. They don’t deal with scammers and trying to get information from their so called customer services is like trying to get blood from a stone.

No stars. I have set up an account with binance and verified it as per their requirements, now that I want to withdraw funds from the my account, they won't let me, they sent a sms code to verify who I am and the submit button won't work, so I have to use their chat system which is just a computer that goes around in circles with the same options, so you cannot resolve the verification process, can't get your money back. DON'T USE THIS APP.

Worst company everCan't withdraw the money in any way stole my money

So bought Dogecoin some weeks back, data was on their website about the transaction. three days later, it has disappeared, appears again, then I tried to withdraw two days ago, got verified, and did a transaction. The following day, I can't see any data on my account, money not received, says I have zero balance when I still have some investments in Binance. Glad I did not invest a huge amount with this useless company. Should have read the reviews. I would stick to Coinbase. This reason why I invested with Binance at the time, was Coinbase was not dealing Dogecoin.  Binance; Absolute scammers!!

Don’t invest , can’t get your money out. It’s just a load of boll ocks. Happy to take your money.

By far the most useless and dumbest people I've ever encountered in customer service. Absolutely brainless. I strongly recommend you do NOT use these people because when something goes wrong, and it will, you have no way to resolve the problem. The thickest people on planet earth work there. This company should be shut down. AVOID AVOID AVOID.

Thieves!!!! don't try to do anything with this company they will just stole your money , be aware they are scammers! tried to windrow my deposit from Algoblox ,both this platforms ,are stolen my money . Protect your accounts and don't trust them for a second> I have photos and recorded conversations with this scammers ! I will report them further!

It does it’s job perfectly and is well presentable. I have been on binance for some months now, the platform is very user friendly caters for both new and experienced users (by just clicking to change theme).I can’t see why there are so many negative reviews. I have purchased crypto, exchanged it, and withdrawn money. I can’t see not one issue at all. Their terms of service are clear as to which site you should sign up at. I have had so much fun on here. You never know what’s going to happen. You are responsible for your future and the situation you put yourself in. The 1 issue I have had was that I refered my nephew he spent over £1500 and I received no commission because the person I referred only converted their money. I asked what actions from the user would warrant me earning commission and I was referred to the terms. Which was still pretty unclear. But still not really a reason for a poor review when I have had a positive experience. Onwards and upwards. All the best to them and all the best to me.

Absolutely disgusted with their customer service (which is neither service nor aimed at supporting the customer). It almost seems like they try to frustrate you by dragging things on simply so they can keep your money. Without going in depth, I've lost $100 because of their inability to help and after a month of chasing, easy told it would cost me $60 to retrieve it. Also because of the lengthy messing around, trying to get them to show me why their QR scanner wasn't working on my Binance app, by the time they replied (and still didn't fix the problem or help at all), the amount I had had dropped below the amount I bought purely to purchase goods online.Absolutely rubbish site, completely useless customer support. Have nothing at all good to say about them. Use another service, steer well clear of this one

Glad i didn't accept a friend's request to join Binance, he's been left with his funds frozen with no means to be recovered. Support is absolutely useless and dishonest, lying and deceiving!

Caution SCAM!! Pull people off and do not report. No contact possible.

I had some money in binance app.  They created a new app called binance us.  So I was forced to transfer my money to binance us.  I did that but I don't see the money in both apps now.  Service is the poorest possible no one to talk to and no responses to tickets created for weeks.  This is the worst experience with any app or companyI tried reaching them for chat.  It asks me to login but my account is deactivated.  This is most stressful experience ever.

A total useless company no customer services what so ever. 12 days this company has had my money but they don't seem to be able to answer any question I put to them. 12 days and still they don't know where my money is. A total joke company who pretends they are the future. God help you if they think their company is the future. Totally uselessUP DATE 11 JANUARY 2022 FROM BINANCE. LOL THE COMPLAINT WAS 11/06/2021 AND THEY REPLIED 11/01/2022 LOL THAT SAYS IT ALL... USELESS

Cant recommend binance futures atleast tbh. Got an error/bug on their site while buying a long, didnt see any open orders or positions after that. After 30mins got an email telling me 95% of my trading account money has been liquidated. Contacted support and got bot generated answers after ~30days. Nothing I could have done and my money is suddenly gone. Maybe worst customer support ive encountered so far :/ spot trading seems to work fine on the otherhand though, xcept when you most need it, thats when binance goes down alltogether. 1.5/5

Binance did stole my money. I transfered money to binance. I have an order number with confirmation. My account was verified. Now they say that my phone number doesn't exist and the money is gone. The customer service is just trying to avoid conversation. They do not help me.Phone call with customer service is not possible, the contact person don't mention her/his name. I don't know what to do. I will reach out to all possible platforms and go further with this case. Every day they close the case anf I have to open a new case. Who is interested, i can show all communicator and my order confirmations..

I never had any problems when I was depositing money and buying crypto. No trouble converting. But when it comes to withdrawals there the issue. I am just glad I never put alot of my savings in thos account. Ok the money might come in the 1-3 working days as they say. If it does I will write another comment. What my concern is that I paid the faster payment fee so it would be done instant to my card and yet it still takes 1-3 days. Please be aware of this so you all know. I will be posting again next week and we will see if the payment has made it to my bank.When are one of these actuall companies going to do for the people what bitcoin was designed for. I am losing faith that this is never going happen.As I mentioned above that if the problem was corrected I'd say. Well it was so it maybe was my missus reading or my missus patient. The money was in my account today so as fas as I go everything for me works. Fingers crossed this is the way it will always be. I am no rep or a Bot. I normal working guy 9-5 with little else to do than to worry about my small investment. But at the same time I just hope there is some belief in this truth.

Don't bother with Binance. They were once the golden standard for exchanges but are now nothing more than a washtrading capital. CZ and his goons have done goofed.

Binance closed my account without giving any reasons and prevented me from trading the alt coins to bitcoin without notice ,,, takes long time to reply and they said internal policy and they didn't help

cannot withdraw money, cannot transfer money ti different coin, dont waste your money

Very bad binance visa card service !!!

These people really sucks and i am not putting any more interest till i got reimbursement with thechargeback at} proton mail.practically these ones are scammers.

This broker is thief !!! Be careful with your money !!?

Hello,I chatted with a person (should be a girl, but I'm not sure) via whatsapp (fake UK phone number). Sent me beatifull photos and persuaded me to register there. The "girl" was Hyuang Anya and "lives" in Singapore. She trades with cryptocurrencies. When I said I don't want to invest, she was disappointed and ended the conversation - "my love".It is all scam, just don't trust her ;). Really nice try.As I read about this page - I really can't trust it and I don't believe that.

Binance suspends withdrawals due to "wallet maintenance". This is just pure nonsense. As an IT person, I can tell you that either their technical people are totally incompetent if they have no idea how long maintenance takes (should be a few hours at most), or they are just lying and and halting withdrawals because they don't have the coins. I'm guessing it's the latter. Funny how deposits are never on hold, even if that network is down for maintenance.I have chatted with support several times and they have no idea when my tokens can be withdrawn (3 days and counting). Just wait... and wait... and wait... Days? Weeks? Months? Imagine if THEIR bank told THEM that their cash couldn't be withdrawn with no ETA. Sounds like simple theft to me.

When you try to verify a basic account on Binance it says “withdrawal 2 BTC” or only from a cryptocurrency to another. Basically it says you can’t take your money back to your bank account.

BIG SCAM . BAN THE WITHDRAW OF MY ACCOUNT . CAN NOT TAKE THE MONEY BACK TO MY CARD OR BANK OR P2P ... STAY AWAY

Would give no stars if I could. Customer service/ support is non existent. If you have issues with your account or money that has not been deposited to your account (out of no fault of your own) Binance will not respond and when they respond they will deny any accountability and lie to you. They tell you we will refund you and not refund you but make you try to contact them for 3 months to get another response letting you know that they can't do anything. I've had an issue with a bank transfer that I sent to the correct email pay ID that has not been deposited to my account after almost 6 months. They claim they don't have it however the banks have confirmed the transfer went through successfully to the right account. They are literally committing daylight robbery and are getting away with it. I will be reporting them to ASIC and I strongly advise anyone else who had a negative experience with them to do so also. I will be enaging a solicitor to take legal action. There should be a class action law suit for all the people binance has f****d over. unbelievable worst experience I have ever had with ANY company they will not last. I suggest anyone trading with binance to take your money, send it to CoinJar or store it in a cold wallet and fcuking run because binance is going to go down very quickly.

Verification process is a joke, so so so bad. Won't be using this company going forward!

I made a deposit and its never arrived , support is far  below zero i took a few hours to understand what was wrong and than blame me for the fault of their site

I have been a very loyal customer with Binance for more than 3 years. I turn over 100's of thousands of dollars every month. The way I have been treated by this company has no logic.Customer service will only chat via text. They refuse to give you even a first name. I had people leave the chat and left me hanging for so long. I wanted to see how long this would go for. It went for over 6 hours. Then one person came back to talk and aplogised, then I asked for his name to determine if it was the same person that left me hanging for hours, he went quite again.I have seen people on this forum ask the question why aren't people making videos on YouTube about how terrible customer service is with binance, well, you will start seeing videos now by me.In case you didn't pick up on my message to everyone, never ever make the mistake of dealing with Binance.They have caused me so much stress and you are mad if you consider dealing with them.Response to the reply!You're a terrible company. You've made zero attempt to contact me tk resolve the issue. Rather you've employed someone to go around a copyand paste these pathetic novelty responses. Shame on the way you operate.

HI everyone I want to share my experience for Binance.I had problem to buy some crypto currencies and I immediately wrote to the support and they were kindly and very  much supportive. I explained my issue and they handled my case directly by giving my money back to my credit card and after that I was able again to buy on binance.I would rate the customer  service 5 out of 5 totally deserving it.

binance helpdesk is the worst, no help, no service, no nothing

Unbelievable cant believe that these people are allowed to get away with this. The sooner this is regulated the better. Easy to deposit but hard to withdraw. Bought crypto at one price but in the account the price was very different eg. Bought at around 59.55 when I bought was 60.63 it hadnt been that high to buy all month dont trust, dont trust, stay well away.And i also see that binance hasnt even acknowledged any of the reviews on here soooo caring.... NOT.Just answered me back after 19 months ,gee what a great company you run.shouldnt have bothered really haven't been on it since I put this up,u need to get onto your regular customers and ignore them

They locked my fund will a silly reason, the support did not even help out. i contacted several companies with no luck until Coinforensic.com handled my case and unbelievable i got refunded.

Worst experience of my life they literally aren’t giving me my money they are holding STAY AWAY!!

Really solid exchange imho. I thought the UI was rather busy at first, and they're still juggling a lot of products but it works.High liquidity, fast trades, many pairs, strong API.

So far no problems. I read a lot of people have a lot of issues but for me has been ok. The only bad thing is that it took ages to validate my identity. Need to hire more people

I use Binance more than a year, was great. However i'm not so happy with the new launchpad, it's causing some issues. hope it will be fixed soon.

IT IS A VERY GOOD COMPANY I APPRRECIATE ALL WHAT THEY ARE DOING

Absolutely disgusting!!! Do not use!!!! They have left me in debt!!!! Extremely stressed at the moment. They have taken a lot of my money. They told me that my money has been transferred to my bank however still not received. They then said they needed to take more money for me to withdraw a minimum amount. They have stolen my money!!!!!!!!!!!

I'm Using Binance Since Last 1 Year. Great Service In The Crypto Exchange.

I'm trying to withdraw some of my money for over a month without success and their customer service is not functioning AT ALL.When you leave a message in the chat the reply with a custom message "average time is 6 hours".After a day they leave you a very shallow response in the chat and if you reply to it you get the same message again: "average time of 6 hours"One time I was able to chat with a live person and after 3 messages he stopped responding.Binance has the worst customer support I have ever seen.And that is unfortunate because their app is nice.In Trading212 for example they answer within 1 minute. and you chat with a person that is focused only on you. Too bad that they don't do crypto.Binance, if you are seeing it please respond to my open issue Case ID #73188846

My favourite exchange Good amount of pairs And good liquidity

This place is pure scam, they charge fees for every breath you take, don't give you the value you PAY for. they state WRONG fees for transactions out of ur account.. just stay clear of this discusting site.To put it into context for you. I had to spend 140 dollar to get 70 dollar worth of Bitcoin, and u dont notice that til ur already in too deep. S T A Y        A W A Y !

I don't know if it is humans or animals that operate this binance. They are very stupid. Recent experience has shown me never to do business with them again. So unprofessional and very slow with transactions. When you do a bank transfer to binance they wanna take ages to transfer it for it to show in your deposit. For goodness sake people wanna trade. Is this some kind of joke to you?? If you are not ready to function as intended just shut it down! Stupid fools!

Binance is not a safe exchange. They lost my tokens. I sent them to binance and I can see the transaction and all data on the blockchain. I opened a case with support and till today it says “in review”. We are 17 days ahead now since opening case. Whenever i contact support they come up with a different story. The worth at the time was 20k usd, now its 9k usd.Customer support is spinning wheels. They never update me and I always have to chase them. Everytime they promise me a date and every time they dont recover my tokens. They even confirmed to me that they found my tokens a few days ago.Please be careful using Binance. You will loose your money like i did and nobody will recover them for you.You cant email or call them. Nothing you can do…money just gone.

AVOIDVery bad customer service. They accept my deposit and after rejected it without a valid reason. They send it back (so I was not able to trade during the time I was planning too) and they send EUR to my CHF account meaning I lost a lot on exchange rates. No contact in advance. Customer service is simply not competent to answer and no compensation. To this day I have no idea if my next deposit would be accepted. And by the way, my initial deposit (test one) was so this is why I proceeded with more money and lost a lot in the process. Not reliable.

Had BUSD in my earn wallet and when I redeemed them they stayed in the earn wallet with no way of using them. Customer support have not replied with an answer but simply went silent after allegedly  sending my issue to the relent department as they were unable to handle it. I wouldn’t put my money into this as it’s not ready for the market. I’ve missed trading today and not even sure I will get my money back at all.Update.. returned the BUSD the following day, but lost 36 hrs trading. This was in flexible savings so should have redeemed immediately

Very very poor. Decided to deposit £70 which they make very straightforward And easy. After a few days tried to withdraw my £70 and it’s like getting into Fort Knox. They have made it so difficult to withdraw your funds. The award winning verification is useless, it is saying in declined because i am not me in my driving licence and Passport when clearly I am me. Just another poor quality Chinese product that is not fit for purpose. My advice is avoid at ALL costs . They are making a mockery of the general public. If you deposit any funds be prepared that you may never see those funds again. Then trying to make contact with them is actually like pulling teeth out without pain relief, so so painful. Worst platform ever. I’m sure if you do a quick search you will find a far better platform and the fact they got hacked and lost 100m of customer money pretty much sums it up. AVOID.

Horrible, every time when i try to buy any crypto coin using my debit or credit card, i get Transaction declined... I have tried with up to 4 different cards (debit/credit)Stay away from them...I don't have time for their jokes.

They took my money on a transfer and will not give back. Their customer has been giving me the run around for months.DO NOT TRUST THEM WITH YOUR MONEY!

Binance allowed me to deposit money   but then nothing I could do worked to verify me.. not pc, not phone app.. result: they keep my money forever - no way to contact them !******A V O I D******

Fast, easy enough to use for beginners and works very well. All of the bad reviews from what I've seen are people trying to scam you with what I assume is a phishing scam via e-mail. One of the best exchanges out there!

Good. 5 years user. Fast, SAFE, no problem.

Great experience so far. Binance is not the best exchange when it comes to futures trading, but their spot exchange is the best one for sure.

Their customer service is terrible and unreliable and I would never suggest this exchange. Everytime you submit a request, you get a new person and the case gets closed with no resolution. When I asked for the escalations then no one replied. They are afraid to provide an email address for CEO to complain about the terrible customer experience. I tried to reach the CEO on twitter and he has locked his profile so no one can write to him.I personally feel like any other top 5 exchange is better than Binance.Please save yourself stress and dont waste your time on binance.

Binance scammed me by not informing me of conversion fees and I lost $1000, I then contacted customer support and explained that there was not indication of a fee being charged there for I am entitled to a refund, they were no help what so ever and kept refusing, even tho it is illegal to charge without informing the customer first, stay away from them, also transferred my BNB to another wallet which I didnt recieve, they are scammers and I have the chat dialog with them refusing to reimburse me and being useless, they said they cannot give me a refund, I  told them just credit my account $1000 that you stole and they won't do it,is there is any legal action I can take please let me know, I have proof of everything

They have server issues, so if you are into trading and when big dumps or pumps happen don't expect to gain anything because you won't be able to do anything... You can't even market sell because of their bad servers and then they say you had no issues when they admit they had the issues...

SCAMYou really should be able to give 0,  another scam.  I almost got duped by a guy yesterday it’s getting worse, this is the third time.  Thanks to these reviews, I was fortunate not to have my money taken.  Please do not use this app and always check, the unknown out, ensure it is legit.

pire sav impossible de retrirer son argent et aucunes solutions proposees

I withdraw my money to my Tranferwise account but it is not completed. TransferWise refund the money, and Binance do not accept this money. So 390 euro is lost, when I met the Binance customer service, they said send us to receipt of refund, I send many times to Binance the receipt but they didn't answer me, they want receipt but after I send the receipt they close the chat and never answer! I have lost my 390 euro, I do not recommend anyone to use that site.

With the amount of money they make you would expect a better and faster customer service experience. For a professional company this size the waiting time before receiving help is a joke.

Binance is a total rip off. I had small investment with it and BTC WD worked without any problem. As soon as it was about big funds they restricted BTC withdrwal, so then can make some decent money on it. Their support is totally pointless and I've already lost more than 2k on exchange rates. I am in touch with the chat and clearly they are bunch is clowns not even understanding how Crypto works. Don't touch them, total con. Ben

Loyal with binance and they been same way to me.

Very bad support team, unorganized verification process. I'll never recommend anyone to use this app, a waste of time.

The worst , they don’t give me my money This app will eat all your money. Don’t even think about investing one cuartee of penny!I tried to withdraw money from my account into my bank and my money never arrived even after 1 month!!The customer service is a disaster , they don’t pay attention to what I wrote to them. They weren’t useful at all!!!!

they scam people on DOWN & future market coins , all on date of 19.05.2021, dont invest here are 100% loss moneylawsuit for them soon, they buy with BUSD how much crypto they want and after they drop, they can mint and burn how much BUSD from the console, they can do all those in addition they can liquidate people on future market and with their capital they grow, so if you buy crypto just buy and take out on metamask, don't keep on binance, don't buy any coin what is on bnb chain!! short story, you deposit 10.000$ and put on future market, they mint busd a virtual coin and no value and they drag any coin up or down, after they liquidate they will have your money, and this operation happens all the way again and again, they are not SEC or any organisation and they have branches on fiscal heavens!!! don't be tricked

Absolute scammers. They allowed me to deposit funds only in a foreign currency with high fees then blocked me from withdrawing fiat money after I had traded. They limited my account from the get go and didn’t confirm why. If you want to keep your money then avoid at all costs.

I verified my account and was a long proccess with many errors on their end.after i verified my account i tried to withdraw my  fiat into my bank account via SEPA and guess what i keep get withdraw failed over and over again and yeah Support never reply.

i signed up to binance and cant log in at all cant even send password reset will use etoro instead

Deposited a token into wrong network.Support just returned automated emails, after ~1month i was credited the token on the right network at no extra cost. Communication needs to be improved

Worst experience ever. I’ve deposited 50K 13 days ago and the Money never arrived into my accounts. No answers and no follow up from their team. They keep asking me to put an appeal to get this resolve but I think this is is to gain some times. Looks like a scam!!!!

I was locked out of my ability to withdraw and funds, either fiat or crypto. With zero explanation or warning. Furthermore I have been writing to customer service every day for almost a months and I receive only automated responses. This is all the money I have to look out fir my family. As a father thus helpless feeling is unparalleled. The company is impossible to contact directly. And I mean that literally. They should be held accountable  my water was just shut off. Power next...

I am using this app to buy crypto and keep it, the commission is very low. I like this app than Coinbase and ...

I would like to rate 5. but support queque is so so so long

Many limitations! on deposits or purchases of cryptocurrencies

Binance is SCAM. I was trust at binance. They was run FTX leverage token. I was invested. Few days later they said people do not understand so they delist FTX leverage token then they started up down token. I brought ethdown and ltcdown. When BTC dump 19th may 2021 that time they dump ltcdown and ethdown 90%. When LTC pump ltcdown was dump, when LTC dump LTCdown also 90% dump. My 2k dollars now 15 dollars.

Great experience while using! Thanks

Works very good for me. Withdrawal of 3000 USD was smooth and fast.

Untrustworthy, servers purposedly falling, always when market crashes. Positions being canceled, Binance explanation“ Dear Binancian, We regret to inform you that your BCHUSDT position in your Binance USDⓈ-M Futures account (...) had a high ADL ranking and has been auto-deleveraged during the massive liquidation events due to market fluctuations.”In that time I was at 1000% profit with rapid acceleration, when shorting massive crash.Whats more trading always freezes when U need it the most, means not able to drop the bag. Happened to me 5x already.Not able to withdraw money from account instantly, email confirmation never arrives. Well, binance doesnt need it, so U gotta wait till its better time for B, sometimes hours.So, dear f*** BINANCE,U OWE ME MONEY, and huge unrealized PNL.Stay AWAY people!!!

I have tried for a year to reset my email as I lost access to my old one. They only replied once with requiring the appropriate documentation.  No response after that. Crooks!!!!

Binance appears to be a scam, trading on binance seems to be a scam, it appears that their entire system is set up specifically to rape everyone of their hard earned cash, I don't care if there is too much traffic and that it slows your system down, you make billions each and every day from your customers paying excessive fees on every single action they perform on your exchange, you can afford to provide the customer with a genuine infrastructure to operate as advertised. In my opinion you are SCAMMERS, and CRIMINALS!!!!! NOT TO BE USED.My statement stands. Your statement indicates your lack of care. You robbed me and many millions of people using unnaceptable excuses to cover your blatant dishonesty and theft. I have already raised my complaint using your help service and got laughed at. Go duck yourself criminal scumbags.

Binance has the absolute worst customer service in the world. They literally do not care about supporting their customers. There are thousands of people who have had their funds locked up for months while they do nothing. I had my account locked down because I started a Binance account back in 2017 when it was still a US account. Then they made me switch to a Binance.US account while locking up my Binance.com account and not letting me transfer. I still don't have any account with thousands of dollars locked up with zero customer support. I have tried and tried to contact them but it's literally impossible. My cases are 1204539 and Case ID #72260561I NEED CUSTOMER SUPPORT!!

The platform is badly engineered, it has poor load balancing and on days of high volatility the platform is UNUSABLE

Great idea to disable fiat deposit when bitcoin is falling( To buy a dip)  GREAT IDEA BINANCE.  SMARTEST MOVE EVER

Appalling company. Have been trying to validate my account for weeks and there systems won’t accept it.was only able to get£210 into the account fortunately.Now they refuse to even tell me their complaints proceedure and I can’t get my money back unless i validate my account which is something I cannot do..Do not use this company.Update Nine months later I get a reply to talk to one of their bots and ask it to pass me to a human. Of course I tried but was unable to get to the bot to ask because their systems simply don’t work.What wonderful customer abuseStay away from this company

They stop training, my cap was +50%, wen they start again it’s become -80%.I receive just, sorry.

My account was locked. I unlocked it, but I am unable to transfer my funds. Per the request from Binance CS I have provided a video explaining the funds I intended to transfer with my ID visible.Once I complied, a second Binance CS asked to provide even more sensitive information including videos of logins from non-Binance accounts, which seems incredibly shady. My ticket has been open for weeks. My guess is the CS agent want us to provide as much sensitive info as they can so they can take the funds they're holding hostage or for identity theft.

They stole my coins while making trades , they marked the trades as "Cancelled" while my coins were deducted the money was not credited to me. Upon getting in touch with customer support, they said they would credit me within 7 working days. It's way past that time and i haven't received anything. I have reported them and they will be facing penalties soon. PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM GAMBLING YOUR LIFE AWAY WITH THIS CROOK COMPANY.

Had issues with depositing money and it kept on saying processing. Normally it would be added to my account immediately but this one time it did not. Reached out to customer service first use bot and through the bot you can connected with an agent and wait for the agent to reply. They said they would cancel it and would take minimum 7 business days. The next day the money was on my binance account. The day that a huge dip occurred and i could buy the dip. Shout out to binance! P.s I wrote this when dogecoin, safemoon and shiba were less than $10 lol.

They are holding my crypto hostage. Withdrawals have been disabled without explanation, and it is impossible to contact support. They literally do not have any method of contacting support, only an AI chat bot.

How damn hard it is for Binance staff to get things done right when there are still problems in the system after waiting for hours, even try to do something there.Hello, Binance is facing a significant problem in their API, which is affecting Zignaly. You will notice because you may see connection errors or aren't able to close positions. Also, positions are appearing / disappearing from the Dashboard. We are temporarily disabling the disconnections / withdraws to be sure that nothing affects our services. We have also disabled the new entries of positions due to the instability of the API. We'll resume the activity once we confirm that everything is alright. We will provide updates in our Discord and Twitter channels.Best,

I wouldn't use this platform if I were you. Cant deposit or withdraw when there is a crash/peak. It's making them a fortune at its users expense.  Dont take my word for it, search twitter for 'Binance deposit'

If the market goes crazy up you won’t be able to withdraw your position and will just watch yourself make 1 million and then lose 1 million and if the price goes down and you would like to buy you won’t be able to and finance use lame excuses to say that their network is receiving problems at the moment and cannot work! its utter bs! What they do is get you to put all your money in the exchange and when the price is low they will buy more and then when the price is high they lock your position and sell theirs. so they just raking it in and Robbing you blind

Tried to transfer funds using osko. Funds left my bank account but have yet to appear in my binance account. Was told to wait 1-2 days for an order status update. Missed a huge buying opportunity. Case ID #72588748

difficult, no customer service- a joke

DO NOT USE! - I WAS SCAMMED!Binance customer service team are absolute rubbish. I was scammed by another individual relating to a High Yield Investment Program, to which, funds were sent elsewhere and I never received anything back.I shall repeat, Binance.com are terrible and I shan't be using or recommending them!

withdrawal suspendedGO KRAKEN!!!!!!

Any way to do ZERO stars??? Horrible customer service. Actually, it's non-existent. I've submitted NUMEROUS tickets and have never once got a reply as to where my missing money went. WTH??there's a reason that over 60% of all reviews are bad to horrible!Thanks for never getting back to me about my missing money Binance! You suck!

The worst exchange on the planet. Don’t trust this exchange with your hard earned money. I beg you. Anyone else. I had a futures contract in play, BNB skyrocketed. I had lost my job over covid. And this money would have changed my life. I tried to cash out. Nothing. The app malfunctioned, coding all over the place. The help section was 404. Chat box was blank. There were issues not just with the app but with the network. The orders I placed ether wouldn’t go through or had gone through and they wouldn’t show in the app. I basically had an app showing no orders at all. As I was now trading blind I was quickly liquidated. I lost $5000 I contacted Binance. Nothing. Then an email to say my issue has been resolved. Tried again. Was told I was in a queue. Then an email to say my issue must be resolved by now, if not go on to the app or my case will be closed. I went on the app but there was no case open. I opened another case. This was in February 2021. My case was only looked at towards the end of April, two months for a response. I posted my app issue on reddit. Binance had the post deleted. Then banned me from posting on their page. As it clearly showed a massive fault with the technology. I got a final response to my case today (18th of May 2021) basically saying. Tough tits. They stated it was potential gains, so they couldn’t help me, which made no sense as I showed when the app started to malfunction and I couldn’t cash out. If it was potential gains we would be looking at closer to $10k The app failed. The network failed. Customer service failed. The line is clearly. We have your money now. Why should we help you?Imagine making $5k and then you see it disappear. The platform you have your cash in clearly didn’t work. You have no access to help. Or customer service. You would be better taking your cash out and burning it.

Made a withdrawal of fiat in March, 2 months later nothing in my account and ofcourse they have never replied to any tickets I've raised. Completely useless. Lost a lot of money and no idea who else I can go to to get it back.

Binance customer service is absolutely shocking and non existing. Tried to deposit funds over two weeks ago and the money has gone missing in the process. Despite many messages sent to Binance together with deposit receipt the support staff seem to be ignoring my case with no resolution in sight.I would not recommend them to my worst enemy !!!

Binance deleted my account with no explanation whatsoever. They verified my id at first, I used the website normally for a couple of days, then they blocked me saying that my verification is not accepted. I contacted them but no response, and then they just deleted my account without any heads-up.How did I know?I was logged out of the app on my phone so I tried to log in through my browser. In the browser, I did not manage to log in and received only an error message saying "Incorrect username or password", so I hit reset password, but that also just gave another error message without receiving any email.So I just simply tried to register again with the same email and password and voila, I managed to do so, which means my account was deleted without notifying me or giving any explanation. Of course, I re-deleted my account by myself because this smells fishy and like a scam. Thank God I did not have any funds in the first account, I had a small amount but I withdrew it before blocking me in the first time.

Waiting for a crypto card in India! Binance go go! Great service

NON EXISTANT CUSTOMER SERVICEACH transfer states compete 4/12.  Today is 5/17 - $2325 is still missing.  I have submitted request for help multiple times- zero responsetwitter messages - zero response

WARNING!Avoid them like covid! They will find an excuse to block the withdrawal. Ask you to submit the documents and will NEVER REPLY BACK!I have submitted the documents 4 times. Waiting for their support to reply from 2 months. $400 worth of coins are stuck their with no solution. They have robbed me like alot of other users.NEVER PUT YOUR FUNDS IN THAT SCAM EXCHANGE

Placed 3stars only for the mobile app. Site and desktop lagged

Not bad , but laggy android app sometimes.

Hope you all know most reviews here directing you to someone to help you claim your money is a scammer. Binance.com is an authority in crypto assets. seamless transactions and no unnecessary charges. the best I have seen so far.

I have money that I can't withdraw, this Chinese made app has the worst customer service as it will lead you to bot to help you, telling you to keep read the manual. I failed to verify my ID and can't connect my bank account to withdraw my money and is not in small amount!please provide me an email address that I can contact to fix this issue!

I don't understand these low-star reviews on here.People are complaining about mistakes they made themselves. Like investing money in a shitcoin and then try to get their money back. So many rookies and bots in these reviews.Binance is great, I use it daily, and I cannot complain at all. Great site, great service. Only their customer support doesn't react to my email (or they're hella slow).

My nano deposit hasn't been credited for 6 weeks now. The customer service is the worst I've experienced in my 4 years of cryptotrading. This error, caused by Binance, has cost me ALOT of money. Be aware.

I really advise to every single person, don't put money on this platform... Once they take your money if any shitti coin had problems and you lose the money they don't gonna do nothing helpful, the customer service is crap and they don't do any help, i have lost half of money in USDT/GYEN because them mistake and now no one do nothing I still have the money in the gyen but i cant convert back.... They didn't want to give me my money back and they don't want to close my position, that one I cant control during them mistakes....I hope in a day you will fining in court and give everything back to everyone you scammed....

They let me deposit within a second no questions asked now i am trying to withdraw into my bank i have been waiting 1 week and no one for 5 days has responded in there chat support or Telegram or insta or twitter or facebook! STAY AWAY!!!

ive been waiting over 2 weeks to become verified, I have appealed the failed verification and sent them a video. Waited 2 weeks and still not verified. I don't know what the staff do all day but ive contacted support and they say my query will be addressed in 6 hours but still nothing.2nd day of contacting them and I am still waiting, this is a joke.

Who knows if this is a 1 star or 5 star company.  90% of reviews are spam aimed at the gullible fool market.

When you signup to an account they allow you 2BTC per day withdrawal without ID verification. When you go withdraw funds they claim "you have triggered a risk control" and wont let you withdraw any money. Then they are trying to get personal information and get you to make videos for them. These guy seem to be on a hunt for peoples personal information and to get it they seem to be forcibly holding users crypto.EVERY ONE BE CAREFULL!!!IF anyone from Binance want to contest this post refer to Case ID #72231056

I’ve lost more than $6K because of a system error when my sell request didn’t go through. The customer service agent said I was lying because I didn’t take a screenshot of the error message, called me a child and refused to escalate to her manager, put me in touch with someone from the technology team or let me be considered for Binance’s SAFU, the Secure Asset Fund for Users, saying I wasn’t eligible. She left me with no options, no rights and started ignoring me before I was blocked from using the chat.

Worst customer support team ever. If you by any chance happen to lose any money dont expect CS will ever help you. Better open an account in some trusted exchanges.I have been trying to tell CS team for 3 months now to change my country from backend due to which I cannot deposit funds via SEPA, however, they continue in closing my ticket, send automated bot responses and even block you in helpchat without giving you any reasons.

Very Bad Service from Binance. 1. They don't allow us to sell our Crypto if the value is below 50 EUR.2. The Currency is Hardcoded to AUD when I want to sell the cryptos. while buying they accepted EUR. strange thing. what should I do with AUD?

They make it near impossible to get your money back out. I have also had money leave my account in order to deposit my account but never appear in my Binance Wallet.You can’t get hold of anyone and when you can they don’t care! Please don’t believe any of the positive reviews, they’re not legitimate. This company DO NOT care about you or your money, it’s not safe and you will lose out.

The WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! I CANNOT WITHDRAW CRYPTO AND THEY DONT RESPOND AT ALL. DONT BUY FROM BINANCE!!!!!

Scumbags, money from a simple bank transaction goes missing what chance of getting crypto currency back out.  Avoid this company

I used to absolutely love this app. But lately it seems they love to feeeze people's accounts without warning.  Even if it's a misunderstanding from their part, there's no apology,  or consequence.  Just another 'non' decentralized giant that couldn't care less about the little guy.

I opened an account in May 2020. I made one mistake trying to verify identity because they have a question asked incorrectly regards nationality (should be residency as it appears). They stated I had to open an account in USA (I'm residing in UK so can't do) then they killed that first account. In May 2021 I opened a new account using a different email address so I could verify properly according to what I learned from the first attempt. After waiting 10 days on a pending verification they came back with an automated response stating I already had a verified account and needed to use that! Problem is, that account was never verified and is restricted when I attempt to login.Meanwhile, while my verification was pending I made a £210 deposit to the new account. They have not returned this to my bank account, nor credited it to the unverified new account, not even in the increments they claimed it would be credited. There is no phone numbers to call, no emails to write to, only a stupid chat system that uses bots to respond. One time only I got what appeared to be a human response after threatening to file a complaint with the UK Financial Ombudsman and was told to wait 24 hours for them to come back. 36 hours has passed and nothing.If this is the type of support one gets attempting to open a new account, I can't imagine what it might be like if I had an operational account and had a real serious problem transacting crypto, it would be lost for sure.RESPONSE TO BINANCE BELOW: I do NOT have a US account, but your system seems to think I do. I tried your ticket system, your support was abysmal. I spent countless hours getting the same run around. just a week prior to your long awaited response I tried again verifying my UK account. Some things were different. But when it got to where I chose type of funding desired and I chose bank transfer, the window closed out and put me right back where I had started without any explanation at all. That is totally lousy implementation at best. So I am still unable to verify my UK account and I am not sure what is happening and what I need to do different, if anything.

Honestly this is the worst company I've ever dealt with.  I cashed out £GBP 4/5 days ago and I can't even speak to someone to get a proper answer.  Their customer service is all bots . Wrote an appeal which they said may take another 7days before anyone can contact me . I'll keep you guys updated but be warned of Binance.

Terrible customer service over two days without a response

Simply a terrible user experience. I had an account with my identity validated, I traded successfully for weeks. I tried buying a new coin tonight, they simply didn’t process my payments. The 3rd time I tried, they requested all kinds of weird evidence that it’s me. Not a risk country, not a risk age, cards in my name, all details matching...I simply deleted my account, no point dealing with these amateurs. Pretty much any other platform is better!

Binance have taken £60 from me the crooks I deposited this money in their account and then I got issues with my phone so I reset my phone and installed the binance app again and there was nothing Zero. I contacted customer services and the representative mentioned that I must of registered with another account, seriously I've just been taken for a fool crooks, crooks and crooks that can get away with it

Be careful. They took my money. I see my money. But I can not use my money at all. I dont trust it.

Holy s**t there's so many bots around here claming Binance is bad. I've had no issues so far and I've been trading multiple coins to fiat quite quickly and without hasle.

when USDT/GYEN got listen on the exchange i used mu USDT to purchase some.  I paid $1119 usdt and got the coins. first my balance was over $1000 and then 5 minutes later you suspend trading.  when you relisted it and open trading again my GYEN was then $15.  what has happened its now been de listed off the exchange and i have lost over $1000 is this a system error or glitch or have i been scammed.  this was my savings to invest and i cant afford to lose it nor will i stop until get my money back i have not been able to sleep since this has happened.  your customer service is non existent and i havent heard anything back how can you call it customer support when you dont respond.  I am so stressed and feel lost i just need my money back

I made a withdrawal from Fiat, specifically 719.11 GBP and the merchant refused the payment, in this case Wise, they refunded the payment to your account. I need my money back as it is in your Binance account in the UK. I've been waiting for a solution for 20 days and nobody responds, it's unheard of. Attached proof of reimbursement by Binance chat.

So far so good. I haven’t had any issues, have deposited/withdrawn with no problems.Easy to use site and any withdrawal I have made, it has arrived in my instantly.

Very very very bad. Completely scams. No one is to reply there. I bought GYEN in $735+ and then they removed that token from site and again listed in few hours but only 1% of price before. I mean that $735+ was only $8. And then they removed that token again from site and then boom, just vanished.My one of friend's relative also put his full saving in it because his one child had brain problem and had to do operation but when he heard about DOGE and SHBI coins then he put all the savings there, sold his house and slept at someone's house for few days and told his child that he will be ok. He gave all money to binance and they just vanished the money. Now my friend told me that the person just did suciede with his both children. He gave poision to them and took himself also. His home gone, money gone, children's life gone and one's life gone in super pain in a hope that his father will fix everything and his father life also gone in the end.I mean, seriously binance have big name but still they did that kind of cheap act just go loot people? Lots of people like me, still may in shock that we used to trust binance most and they did this.. No one is there to chat or reply. Support is worest. They should know that sometime they should listen people. May be if they would then the person wouldn't sucide with his 2 children.If possible, please please please cancel all the payments done for GYEN and return people's money in the method they took it. Like me was USDT. You will not lose anything but lots of people will lose everything because of your this act. Thanks for understanding

Awful experience from Binance platform N1 exchange on the planet.It is now 3 days since I sent my query on Binance app chat, to get some useful update in respect on my out standing withdrawal from 20/04/21.It is my investment and not yours.Its time to let go, put funds you received from crypto.com back into my wallet like what it’s supposed to be.Be clear in you business with your customers, be transparent when resolving their issues, employe staff that cares and have the will to do well and solve issues.You have good process when it comes to your fees charging, then you also have an obligation to delivers the scale for good for your clients.Thanks Izzar

I constantly have issue purchasing crypto with my CAD card, I have tried with different cards, and contacted the customer service, and they blame it on my card every time, yet sometimes the purchase goes true, and sometimes it does not.The customer service is not attentive to the problem, and they put you on hold for very long time. Awful service after all, I will be switching to other exchange. My funds will go where they are appreciated.

Im using Binance so far no complains. I read some people disputing the withdrawals... i dont understand... we are moving to cashless society ( no more counterfeight cash ) you can simply use the Virtual Card they offer and make purchases with that + Get Cashbacks ...So far no complains, i like their savings and stackings not to mention that they have a huge offerings of PAIRS, you can easily get also Shiba Inu. No issues with Deposits or Withdrawals so far.. Even with Banks so far no problem....Havent had any Customer Support experience and i hope i wont i guess but i hope they fix it from what i read its hard to reach them.... Best Solution for All Exchanges is hiring global Call centers further to training them through a ticketing system somehow.... Its a Trend to use automated chatbots however we are on Alpha Stage of Adaptation ... So Lots of issues until a good AI Automated systems comes in place... So far Human Customer Support is always Better then any AI or Automated chats....

I tried opening an Enterprise account with them, sent all my documents and 2 months later I haven't received a response despite various emails to their KYC team. Their customer service is non existent and do not respond to multiple messages. I am giving up with them but if they're customer service is anything to go by its a good thing I didn't transfer any money to them. Baffoons!

First off, the phone number listed about an hour ago by “Binance” is a scammer! Do not call it. Do not give them your information. I called it & it’s a recording claiming to be Binance. They said to leave a message, I did not. A few minutes later I got a call from that same number. Could not understand the person on the other end. Don’t think they knew why I called. Clearly NOT BINANCE. Secondary, Binance sucks! My account was locked with no explanation or warning nothing. It’s been about 2 months now and it’s impossible to speak to anyone. I open a “ticket” via email & it’s answered a week later by an auto generated system that says basically nothing. To just wait. I’ve missed out on dozens of trading opportunities. Not sure if or when I’ll get my money out of this exchange.

Not customer support at all. I deposited $880.00 2 weeks ago and the money still no showing in my wallet. Anyone has a phone number or any other means to contact them? I’m in UK

Binance is a total scam. Stay away and rather approach reputable trading platforms. After depositing my funds, they verified me as from an unrestricted country and said I must withdraw my funds within 7 days before my account is closed. All withdrawal options on my account are locked and I cant do any transactions. I then contacted support who after several days said I must leave the money in my account as it is a small amount and forfeit it. This is so ridiculous. They sound like just a money taking scheme. Why allow people to deposit their funds then after make it difficult for us to get our funds back.

They are very quick to collect your money, but when it comes time to withdraw it, they start giving you silly excuses, and then eventually stop communicating with you. Worse trading platform ever. Not recommended anyone .Think twice before use it

Tried them out....deposit 15 quid. They'll easily take your money I'm still trying to get it back. They've requested loads of informationI've provided passport and all the required documentation and they will not verify. They're playing gamesThey won't provide me my money

I should have checked the reviews here before creating an account and uploaded my driver license pictures. After creating the account, it never allowed me to pass the identity verification step. Next day I tried to access my account with the correct credentials but without success. This is a totally SCAM site. DON'T SIGN UP ON THIS WEBSITE!

Won’t take on the hottest coins on the planet because they are playing games

I opened an account over a month ago, and submitted all my documents for verification.  Over a month later I am still waiting.  I have submitted several customer service request's, and they have not even bothered to respond.  I have dealt with garage sales that were more professional than Binance.  Even if they ever get my verification done, I don't think I could trust them with anything of value.

I tried to open an account with them,for more than 2 months.A real comedy of errors.They would repeatedly ask me for the SAME documentsover and over again.  Their filing system must suck.These fools are Sooooo damn incompetent, I will nevertrust them with my money. A couple of times, they even referred to me by someone else's name.By the time I said enough is enough and stopped responding to their demands,I had already been verified by two other prominent US exchanges in the same time.

Scam scam scam. DO NOT SIGN UP

Binance is a scam company, make you buy crypto and then prevent you from selling . Absolute scam Chinese company . I lost over £4000 and keep sending my ID over and over again, avoid !!!!

Absolute scam. They allow you to sign up with basic verification, and tell you that only to withdraw x thousands of £ worth of crypto you need complete verification (picture + passport + webcam AI verification). So you buy a little crypto  (like £100) and suddenly you cannot buy more without them strong-arming you for complete ID. You try to withdraw your money but you CANNOT because they will strong-arm you for COMPLETE personal ID documents. This is EXTREMELY ILLEGAL. Binance is a CHINESE COMPANY and they are CHEATING people by luring them to deposit money/crypto into their accounts without complete verification, and then demanding complete verification to get it back. THEY ARE OBVIOUSLY HARVESTING ID DOCUMENTS.

Claims to be decentralized but is everything but that.

Can’t withdraw my money and no Customer service support!!! Will call my bank to make dispute! Thiefs!!!

The worst platform,y try to do the face recognition a full day,they dont't have a live chat onli robot...

Best exchange  i know out of 4 i am on. If you guys need help drop me message 'beachlife87' tiktok

disappointing registration system, with all the technology available, it takes 14 days for identity verification. its a frustrating service, utterly poor and not fit for purpose

Avoid Binance!They have limits for everythink, making trading expensive. But that would not be a problem for me. The fact that they can lock you out of your own money. No customer support. No help. They dont even try to improve that situation neither apologizes, they just dont care and keep making PR. Dont trust them. Its a scam!

You wait 6-7 hours for a reponse, once they respond you get a robot sounding person on the other line is that very unhelpful, gave up after 1 hour, losing hair trying to make other person understand the issue.

”Binance is known for its high-speed trade execution.”It took 50 minutes to have my doge available, 6x longer than edge.As a mobile app developer, I can tell you right now that app + website needs some serious UX design. Very poor experience even for me after 5 years as a programmer.Transfered just a little crypto to try out binance and was very suprised when I couldnt change doge to shiba inu because I needed to have at least 100 DOGE. Tried to send my DOGE back to EDGE. Bam! Sorry, minimum withdrawal limit is 100 DOGE.Choose Edge or Coinbase, Binance is crap.

Binance is used by criminals to launder money. Binance do not attempt to do anything to clean up their system and monitor their users. This is because facilitating the proceeds of crime is beneficial for them.

Waiting 9 hours and counting for a very simple transaction to process in which time my money is locked and prices are changing.

Absolutely disgusting company! they haven't replied to me other than a robot auto reply for months now! I have funds in there that I can't withdraw and no correspondence from the arrogant scumbags whatsoever!

What a nightmare of a site to use, couldn't even deposit funds, it always told me to do something else and throw it back at me, Too complicated to use and understand, if it was as easy as Etoro they would get more customers, very bad site design layout and navigation, terrible site wast of my afternoon, I've uninstalled it, Etoro so mush better to use very user friendly NOT LIIKE BIANCE RUBBISH

Somebody needs to return my email. One sent last week another one this morning 12 hours later nobody returned.AVOID AVOID AVOID !!!

been trading with binance for over 20 months already very fasts good and secure platform

Says one thing does another. Basically a communist exchange

One of the best exchanges when it comes to scalabity. Not had any issues using Binance. i recommend.

Firstly I was using binance to purchase BNB to swap for alt coins at around $20 at a time but without warning they decided to raise the minimum withdrawal limit to 10% of 1 BNB token, 0.1bnb or $70 currently. I then attempted to sell my BNB to get the money back which was around $22 sitting there but for what ever reason when I attempted to sell it would always force a price of $19.98 which prevented the $20 minimum. Only other option was to purchase more then sell which was already annoying so now I'm depositing and buying more of a coin just to sell it and withdraw my money that's been in limbo. Now that I've sold this BNB after waiting for a period, they've locked withdrawals on my account so now I can't withdraw my USD to my bank account and they refuse to tell me why. Horrible customer service, bots that barely work in the chat box and email replies that come months after my initial support ticket. Will never use them again for anything.

All the reviews here state that Binance is a scam because they need documentation that you're a real person. Which literally every other crypto exchange also does. It's not a scam, even though withdrawing your investments is a bit harder than depositing. Binance has a huge advantage over Coinbase in it's "Binance Earn" section where you can earn up to 50& APY on your investments which is huge, it has built in staking and even lets you stake Etherium 2.0.

Binance is really a good exchange. I love the experience so far but their customer care service is very poor. I am cool with their technical aspect for now. They should improve their customer service.

Binance is a scam. They have zero checks when you deposit cash but try and withdraw and suddenly they want your name, address, phone number, drivers license, multiple photos of you, video verification, email verification, SMS verification and it just refuses to let you withdraw your money.You didn't need verification to take my money. You don't need it to put it back.Sort it out binance. Scam artists.

I was green as they come, I opened two accounts, one with Binance and one with Crypto.com.I had an unexpected bill, and needed to cash out some crypto ASAP, for 2 days, crypto.com showed very little interest in helping me, they just sent links to follow, not very friendly to the beginner.I had to transfer all my Fiat back to BTC and then send it from Crypto.com to Binance, it took about 15 minutes for the transaction to complete, I then had to withdraw it to my Bank, that took another 15 minutes, I had my cash available in my account inside HALF AN HOUR WITH BINANCE AFTER 2 DAYS OF STRUGGLING AT CRYPTO.COM!!!*IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER AND ARENT SURE OF WHICH EXCHANGE TO USE, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BINANCE - THEIR WITHDRAWAL PROCESS IS SO MUCH EASIER AND THATS WHAT YOU WANT, STRESS FREE TRANSACTIONS (isn’t that the purpose of blockchain technology) 5/5 BINANCE 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀*if you have struggled to withdraw your funds, first you have to switch from “lite” to “pro”, select a coin and sell it, do this over and over until you have the amount you desire, then “spot” itl give you your money in your currency, then back on the home page select transfer, select withdraw and then Fiat, fill in the form, confirm the codes and that’s it, within 20 minutes I had my cash available (I may of described the steps wrong, so don’t follow them to the letter, always get a reference number to add to your transaction so it can be traced)...DONT USE CRYPTO.COM, this is was my first experience of buying crypto...I had been tipped to buy an experimental token called Shiba Inu as it was set to fly, and fly it did! However Crypto.com refused to give me the tokens after I’d made 6 transactions, totalling £111, for 4 days they refused to give my my tokens, by then SHIB had dipped and had become worthless! Crypto.com, then awarded my now worthless tokens, it left £96, but I couldn’t withdraw it or transfer it because their minimum is £100, so I put it into Bitcoin because that’s assumed to be the “safe, stable” coin, but Elon Musk tweeted about environmental issues and BTC crashed, I am now left with £45, Crypto.com robbed me blind, had I been able to withdraw I’d of lost just £15, but I lost over 50% of my money! Crypto.com is set up for people to fail, the withdrawal process is impossible to navigate as a beginner, moving it out to an external wallet is easier and this incurs costs of 2.99%, Crypto.com is an out and out cowboy outfit

The best exchange out of all, most secure and trustworthy

Don’t go near Binance if you ever want to withdraw any funds!!To deposit funds and buy crypto it takes 2 mins. BUT but when you attempt to withdraw funds the system requires you to update ID, which is fine if only it accepted the ID which it doesn’t.If you try customer support it doesn’t exist. Don’t say you haven’t been warned

I have tried for a week to get my account opened & buy with credit card. My account has been SUSPENDED even though I haven't yet bought anything! Numerous emails have gone unanswered. Meantime, I have sent them my ID, credit card number, drivers licence, photos's etc. Several times, yet I still can't buy a singe crypto currency!!I have another account at a different company, no problems whatsoever. Binance needs to do some serious housekeeping. Even if I close my account, they still have all of my personal info on file! Not happy!!

don't use it, this is scam read the reviews below before trusting binance. i just made an account and its asking for legal documents which they should never ask and have any business in. this is the only platform that does that

i have just disable my account . I have created  an account few hours ago , i have made an small deposit , to test to see how it works . i bought some cryptocurency  and i have got  loged out.....after 30 minutes , i have log in  and surprise , no money , no history orders , no history tranzactions or placed orders, nothing . what kind off f....g security do you have ? and you don't have any email address , or live chat .  my feedback will be everywhere

Doesn't even have Telcoin, meant to be a major platform have switched to kucoin

Would give zero if I could waiting over 48 hours and still waiting for a response to my questions. Tried to buy crypto and kept saying couldn't process. After reading these reviews I'm glad. So many glitches and crashes awful app and website. When I was trying to verify myself also kept glitching and crashing. Not user friendly at all it's horrendous. Went on here as couldn't buy the coins I wanted from conibase. But conibase is absolutely amazing app compared to this! Avoid at all costs

Tried everything I could to withdraw my money, and now it's just stuck there without me being able to get it out. Other than that I deposited in like 15 seconds, but withdrawing to my bank is literally impossible. Instead of making it simple, the system is messy as hell.

Costumer service simply does not exist on Binance.

Terrible customer service (only stupid senseless bots!)Avoid this

very bad , when i deposit money sometimes it takes 1 hour before i see

Have been unable to deposit/withdraw funds for a week now - awful customer service; takes hours to respond and often close the case claiming that the issue was resolved when it was not. I haven't had a more painful experience dealing with a company. The fact binance is the world's largest crypto broker by trading volume makes me question the legitimacy of crypto.

Binance allowed me to deposit money but then used my country as an excuse to not allow me to withdraw money... Even though they knew my country when i deposited???

I seen these so called reviews on here regarding Binance that so infuriated me that I joined to give an honest REAL review to set the picture straight. One review had claims that Binance had phoned him asking him to increase his 'investment' in quotes, and such was annoyed at this practice he gave a one star. Well that's total fantasy as they do NOT have a sales force calling anyone. Now for the honest review. I have been using Binance for crypto trading for a few months now. And frankly without this platform you would struggle to gain access to the market extent that they offer. I have bought, traded, staked and redeemed many crypto over the past months made a healthy profit and WITHDREW some of it almost instantly, within 20 mins the £GBP was in my account, not a single issue. All these faux reviews had me second guess when I first sought info regarding Binance in that wavering time I lost £100's in potential trades. These morons are either being paid or are complete liars.Binance is 100% legit, but sure if you believe these buffoons then go on some where else and waste your time buying a tiny selection of crypto already maxed out. Your loss. Who am I?, a nobody, a 53 YO looking to upgrade his pension, and its been a revelation.My own update:Jeez I just couldn't stop reading the BS below. Ok so some people don't understand crypto or the market. Fair enough, but you got to be some kind of special needs window licker to not see or grasp the heavily instruction guided platform, and fee list. BTC & ETH both have heavy gas fees no matter what platform you use. As for crypto in general its about 0.5% buy, swap, or trade. Moving on to the folk who can't log on, is that on phone, tablet or PC, cause it works flawlessly on all my devices. I started with the phone app, it DOES want to know who you are so, no anonymity, if you want to hide from some Government bogey man then its not for you. As for those people claiming lost crypto, learn how to use it before transferring cross wallets, you should know that crypto IS unrecoverable, that's in the large print that's common knowledge. And those that say there is no phone number......for what? It has a fast message service. Whatever these folks say I can't explain, its not my experience.

binance made me move my coins from the original binance to the new binance.us wallet but froze all the coins and haven't given me access to them in over 3 months. $500 frozen. dont trust this company. they refuse to unfreeze my coins or reverse the transaction.

Zeer positief! Ben je nieuw? Gebruik dan de app en zet deze op eenvoudige weergave. Veel overzichtelijker. Daarnaast kun je na de aanschaf van btc ook makkelijk wisselen voor andere valuta. Ik heb bij het aanmelden onderstaande code gebruikt. Hierdoor krijg ik levenslang 10% korting op mijn transacties. Scheelt veel geld met bijv LiteBit. Gebruikte kortingscode: ER53XCC2Overigens is de klantenservice gewoon per chat bereikbaar. Dit is de beste broker die ik ooit heb gebruiktVery positive! Are you new? Then use the app and set it to simple view. Much clearer. In addition, you can easily exchange for other currencies after purchasing btc. I used the code below to register. This gives me a lifelong 10% discount on my transactions. Saves a lot of money with, for example, LiteBit. Discount code used: ER53XCC2Incidentally, customer service can be reached by chat. This is the best broker I've ever used

Faster payments deposits can take a really long time, up to  2-3 days.  Are Binance just using our money in the interim period to invest!!??  Seems like it…especially as the money leaves my account instantly.   What’s worse is that customer services are abrupt and unhelpful telling me to be ‘more patient, friend’, whilst communicating with emojis!!  It all feels very amateur, which, when £££ are at stake, is not the impression you should be feeling.

Can anyone advise how/if they managed to get their money back... having deposited a few thousands they asked for payment upfront of commission before releasing funds plus they want me to pay 20% upfront for tax, surely if there are fees etc why don’t they deduct it before paying me my money... am now concerned if I pay anymore I will just lose the lot !!!

I submitted a withdraw request last Thursday from my BUSD balance into my local bank account, and it wasn't my first withdraw since I had multiple successful ones previously. Anyway, 414 - 30 (withdraw fees) = 384However, this withdraw didn't go through for some reason. I contacted the support after 5 days since the withdraw was requested and told them that usually I get my money credited into my bank account within the next business day. They gave me multiple useless answers such as submitting a request via a form that turned out to be a form for those who make bank deposits and not withdraws and also asked me to wait until a team senior to join the chat but no one joined the chat yet.However, it didn't stop there but now I see 343 credited into my BUSD balance from now where which I think is a refund for my 414 withdraw, and even if they don't want to refund their fees it must be 384 and not 343 (while they should refund their fees also since it's not my mistake that the withdraw failed).There is no way that I can reach any human at this service to get my issue resolved. I wouldn't recommend them.

Can't even register after I download the app, there's nothing to write home abt binance. Totally poor service 'n broken siteEdit: Change my review after Binance team help solving the problem i was facing. Binance to me is the most trusted exchange i have used. Thanks to the great Team 🤝🤝

They will steal your money. There is no way to recover your money, no phone number, no address, nothing. Customer support is cr ap, they will decide you're wrong and will close the case, just look at all the 1 star reviews, all have lost money

Such a shotty platform and shot service.  Do they do what they say they can do, no.  Will you get scammed. no.  But they just suck ass and there are a lot of other platforms out there.  I've been waiting 2 weeks for ID verification and have submitted 4 documents so far with no response.Update: Now I consider Binance the worst platform for crypto I've ever used!  It's going on 5 weeks and my BTC they gladly accepted and wouldn't let me touch or even transfer to stable coin, has tanked 50%. So maybe it is a scam.

Straight up scam. Its almost impossible to withdraw your money. When you eventually figure out how to withdraw they charge you $35 dollars. Terrible user interface and no customer support

failed to credit cash transfers .  non existent customer support.  in the process of reporting them to regulators. Case ID #71081600

I deposited £3000 into the binance account. Its showing as not there. This is 7 days later now. I still can't get intouch with them. I think they've got an office in London. Looking like I'll have to pay for a County Court rit against them.

Awful!Set-up account initially and bought some Dogecoin - fine. Since then, I have tried to add 2FA authentication and it has been impossible. Takes about 20 attempt to even log in, it always seems to think I'm using an unknown device, the confirmation code turns up after the login window has timed out. Even if I manage to eventually gain access to my account, any attempt to add security returns a 'Server too busy' response. There is zero customer service! They have a customer service bot with very limited options, and you get no response. I've spent hours and hours trying to get anywhere with them.Luckily, I only made the initial £200.00 max investment. Not sure if I will ever see that again (despite Dogecoin having risen 1000% since then).Avoid, avoid, avoid.

They 3 times refuse transfer my money from bank acc to the waller. So I'm no gonna begin unprofessional platform to use my money especially with that high fee for transactions.Thank you definitely no recommended

No customer service at all. Does not respond to Zen desk tickets submitted. I believe they are about to close their business and run with the money and your coins. Just one of the many scams out there. Please contact me if you are considering a class action lawsuit.

same as the others- locked my account for one failed deposit (after countless deposits went through, it took one mistake to get my account locked from being able to withdraw my funds ).  Attempted to contact customer service, no one available, no rresponse,  The $1000 dollars was then sold from my crypto to make up for this mistake, and still i cant access my money, and now thhey sold my $1000 worth of crypto TWICE SO FARR - total of $2000 now so far that just vanished from my account, and still no response,  SCAM - F U people

These guys are thieves. Buyer beware they have stolen my deposit. And there is no one to contact this is ridiculous. This company should not be allowed to conduct business!!!

Steer clear from this exchange unless you want to completely get robbed out of your money.

Invested a little money on the Binance app, but after reading reviews on about the app, i panicked and withdrawn 50.00 to see i could withdraw the money and had no problems - - money back in my account today.

Customer support is VERY slow to reply. They did satisfactorily research and helped resolve my issues

Binance is not one of the best trade platforms. However its team and management is gradually improving the platform and its services. I have been using Binance for since 2018. Never had a big issue with it. If you know how the platform works, it should be a piece of cake to trade. As for the some of the reviews recommend bitvavo!.. bitvavo is more unreliable than binance. Bitvavo don't even have a customer service plus the promo of first 1000 euro transaction free. A trick to get you on do transaction. Stick with what works for you the best, because there are many other wallets and Trade platforms. But binance I do recommend, not bitvavo!

I love binance. The most of money I’ve made from crypto was through binance. The biggest choice of crypto, launchpool and many other good options. I don’t know why there are so many bad reviews here.

Absolute s**t, they block my account for no reason and then take over 5 months to send me a message

Binance chat service is way too slow. No direct answer at all. Chatbot is giving suggestions which most of the time are useless. 1 out of 3 questions are not answered at all. They come back with a lot of questions showing that they did not read the question very well. Like loosing trendlines at random were answered with the question to send photo's to prove this. Asking for things that aren't there anymore???? Either they are growing too fast and not able to answer all the questions or the employees hired for this job are just not competent.Update 27-01-2023:A bit ironic to complain about slow chat respons and get a reaction almost 2 years later. But as you, Binance, said you just started to react on Trustpilot. So I do appreciate you taking the time to answer. In the mean time I do not use Tradingview within Binance anymore. But I did learn a lot about Tradingview in the last 1,5 years as I have subscribed to a stand-alone Tradingview. Looking back I might know what the reason was, but it's too long ago to reproduce the exact issue.I hope Binance has improved the chatbot for a better quality in the future.As Binance is willing to react AND improve I changed the rating from 2-stars to 3-stars.

Be careful of this site.You'll spend for ever trying to verify your account, you'll spend even longer trying to add money to it. When it's all set up your money will VANISH!YIP, my account is empty, their customer services are completely hopeless, I've spent 4 hours waiting for "on line" chat replies, they can't answer questions like where is my money?Avoid or use at your own risk, that risk of losing all your money.

I thought Binance was legit but they are scam. Once you have a problem that is it you're on you're own. I once lost my log in details but they asked so many questions I could not prove it was me so I put that down to really good security. My latest issue is I sent matic to my Binance wallet it is not showing up. I gone round in circles with them after waiting hours of talking to bot them closing the case reopening the conclusion is they would not help. I have a trans I'd which shows my coin has gone to them and into my binance wallet bit when I show them the I'd they can't find it on their blockchain. They would not acknowledge the screenshot they asked for they simply asked and ignored it. I don't know how to get money back I contacted my wallet support but they will simply say its gone to them. If things work great but once your money dissappear its gone for good into their greedy hands. I lost trust in Binance and will never use them again.

The worst app for trading crypto, they are full of stupid procedures i don’t even know why I signed up there..

So I put £100 in this took it off me with name / address etc.  I couldn’t get verified despite uploading etc - took out £15 it worked.  When next I tried to take out I was blocked I did the appeal a month ago it’s says 3-7 days - it’s a lie!!!The chat bit is rubbish, I’ve tried tweeting customer support nothing back ever!!I knew it was a risk hence I only put £100 in so my £85 is lost for good - it says now worth £629!!!DON’T do it people it’s a 100% scam

I have been using Biannce.com for a year now. Which seems like a very good service until I have been noticing over the last few months small amounts ($100's worth of crypto, which is small for me) missing from my account whenever I do a transfer of some sort. I has happen twice today so I thought I would warn others about this. I still waiting to hear from their support on this. But in the past they have overlooked my complaints so I am not hopeful to get a satisfactory result.

TRY TO GET ALL YOUT MONEY BACK,JUST TO CHECK IF THEY ARE HONEST!!!!

They let you put money in without verifying, but they don't let you take money out until you are verified. Their verification system is buggy and you will waste hours of your time trying to get it to work.As of the time of this review my money is stuck in the account and I cannot get it out. Their support sucks and I receive no response.

On April 23rd I made a bank trasferI transferred euros from binance to my bank account but this bank refused payment from this crypto exchange! This bank (Wise Bank) made the refund but the money still hasn't returned to my binance account! I wrote to the binance chat support but still no answer! Don't open accounts If you have a problem you are alone!i wanted to deposit a lot more money on binance but now I'm afraid!They answered me today! After about 1 month and I got my money back.

Till now earning interest on EUR and looks quite ok, let's see

No customer service whatsoever, so frustrating. If I don't need support I would have rated 4 or 5 starts. But whenever you need help, you feel this company is like a scam as no one reaches out or finish the chat if they do.

I have two accounts (mine and my fathers) that can’t be verified because of the triple 2fa they have and no one to talk to. I have access to both email and phone.... but they also require Google Auth and I no longer have the phone I had years ago when I signed up. I’ve filed numerous requests with support (for both accounts) only to be told someone would get back with me and never did. What’s crazy is that our largest holdings are XRP and my dad is up 400% and would like to sell his position and can’t. And I’m in a similar situation.Really don’t know what to do.

Binance is a total SCAM / Ponzi scheme. They will happily open your account and take your money and allow you to trade. The problems will start when you want to get your funds out of Binance.Your withdrawal limits will all of a sudden drop to ZERO. Support will say they don’t know what is going on. That is the end of all your money that you have invested. I tried to dig deeper into their company and realised they don’t even have a registered office address. It’s a total SCAM. Do not invest even 1 Dollar in it. Your funds are at risk. Yes there are some people who can withdraw etc. but this is how a Ponzi scheme works. Those small group of people bait in more people and then the cycle goes on. In the end only Binance wins. I have also noticed that some reviews on here contain contact numbers and emails for Binance support. Do not use them. They are all scammers. Binance has no email or phone. There are also some reviews which talk about other websites that can help you withdraw funds. Scammers too. Don’t get in touch with any of them. AND STAY AWAY FROM BINANCE

Approximately 3 months ago I sent a considerable amount of cosmos to binance. Everything appeared to go smooth. Got a transaction number and a memo number. But it never showed up. So I went thru the proper steps. Emailed them a ticket. I have received 2 emails to the tune of how sorry they are for not getting back to me and  saying that they are going to charge me to put it in my account. But they still have done it!!!! They haven't done anything!!!!  It's been way to long.. What a joke. Evidently They don't care. IDK.

I haven't any complaints so far and I hope it stays that way

I dont understand a damn thing how to use leverage on the site.. They say u need at least 10.000 dollar to trade.. WT is this bullshi. I only got 500 to trade. so eat my ess than.\BYBIT wont ask u all these stupid question like a QUIZ and spamGDDAMNED NOBODY UNDERSTAND THIZ crap

Worst customer service ever! 6 weeks ago my phone crashed taking my 2FA codes with it. I reached out to BinanceUS support for assistance to have 2FA disabled so I could log in and set it back up. They initially responded within 48 hours with instructions on items to submit to make that happen. I complied with their instructions WITHIN THE HOUR! I've not hears from them since, despite many attempts via email to check support ticket status. Of course there's no phone support either. So here I am 6 weeks later with NO ACCESS to my funds. This feels like robbery![UPDATE] 60 days have now passed along with numerous new emails and three additional support tickets submitted and 2 additional resubmissions of all the requested documents. Still not a single response from Binance or Zendesk.At what point does their failure to respond constitute THEFT of my funds?

I was one of the loyal customers of Binance who used their platform for more than a year. I was a verified dutch citizen and I used their platform to gain some interest from my stable coins.After requesting for a address verification to get higher withdraw limits, I received an email from Binance saying that my account will be deactivated after 3 days without saying why!------------------------------------------Dear customer,Thank you for your loyalty.This is to inform you that due to the violation of our Terms of Use, as Binance does not provide service under certain jurisdictions, we have taken a tough decision to terminate the service.We ask you to withdraw the funds within the next 3 days. Afterward, your Binance account will be permanently deactivated.----------------------------------After asking why??? I received this email back.------------------------------------------------Thank you for your response.We understand your frustration. However, we are not in the position to provide any additional details, except those that had been already provided in the previous email - as Binance does not provide service under certain jurisdictions, we have taken a tough decision to terminate the service.Please withdraw all the funds as soon as possible.------------------------------------------So I was forced to close all my locked savings without receiving any interest at all.I wanted to sell my stable coins and withdraw my fiat money. But they also disabled trading. I was forced to use their "convert" tool which costs more fee. At the end I was able to whitdraw my money after almost a week and after verifiying once again by sending all my paspoort information to Binance.The fact is, that they can force you to withdraw your money without giving you any reason at all and they give you only 3 days to do so. If you contact them you have to wait one or two days before getting any response. I can tell you that these were 3 stressful and frustrating days for me.After discussing this with others, I think that my country of birth (IRAN) has something to do with their decision of closing my account. But I am a Dutch citizen and I used my Dutch paspoort to verify my account. I did not accessed my account using VPN or  from IRAN. Binance should know that treating people from a country differently is called racism!!

Had to tranfer funds from binance to binance. Us .  they vanished, contacted customer service 3 times with pics and video.  its been 3 month nothing resolved, no t a letter back from them , stay away , scammers

Great when it comes to trading crypto. But their new and mandatory verification system has no alternatives for exclusive Desktop users in mind. After using the platform for years now, I am suddenly locked out of basic functionalities.Other companies are accepting pictures of customers while holding their ID cards in hand. Binance on the other hand is probably trying to save costs, and so we have a static automated system forcing its users to own specific devices.

Blackmailers and thief's. Stay well clear let you sign up and deposit money but when it comes to making a withdrawal make it impossible to do so then it's lie after lie as to why you can't withdraw something needs to be done about this company

HelloSince i opened my first binance account i was not able to facial verify it. I tried to get in touch with support, they asked for a video that i sent, however nothing was done to verify my account even doing what they requested.After this, i tried to create another account, and facial verify it, and it worked, but i tried to withdraw my money, and wasn't able to withdraw it, it said for more than 15 days, "processing".So in a desperate attempt to cancel the "processing " withdraw, i tried to lock my account... now i cannot login to my account, because when i try to unlock/reactivate it asks for something i was never able to do... facial verify it... im trying to get support, and the support just sucks, no one is helping at all, so all the times i needed Binance support, no one helped, and now i have my money there, for all the purposes for me they are robing me.

This review looked fake, sorry binance, it was client error, not your fault, tho bitcoin ain't a good investment neither.

I managed to resolve my issue and had no issues with Binance since. They improved over time. Let's say I am a happy user now. I will leave my old comment below for reference.************The website is not stable and you will have problems form time to time. Since you are working with money this is quite dangerous. The biggest issue is that there is no support at all! My account is fully verified and I was using it to deposit and withdraw. Suddenly my withdraw options are blocked and after days of contacting support I got no help so my money is now stuck at Binance and I cannot get it out! Searching on internet I found many are having the same problem and they didn't manage to solve it yet

Totally useless support, use with caution, if you have a problem then it won’t be solved, be careful especially if you have crypto or cash in the account, you have been warned

Dont use this company. I have been trying for days to withdraw funds from my account and apparently it's impossible no matter how many text or email verification codes. I verified my identity when I set up the account with drivers licence and then a photo of myself. It said I was verified to withdraw a larger amount but it wont even let me withdraw a small test amount. Every time I successfully put in a text or email code it brings up another page with something else. STAY AWAY UNLESS YOU WANT TO LOSE YOUR MONEY

The app version LITE is very simple, maybe too simple, the full version is way too complicated. Trading crypto currencies is extremely difficult and if there is an issue the customer support is busy and unable to help you.On the pro side: Binance offers trading with hundreds of currencies but not all. The fees are low. Binance offers various savings accounts where you can earn interest.

Bunch of chinese scammers, people including myself got liquidated some months ago because this scam exchange crashed. They said you could claim a refund (so people would think they arent scammers), and closed the email shortly after without refunding. Stay away here unless you want to lose all your money one way or another, because they will scam you.

I'll spare you the detials, but binance.com is a scam. Do not throw any money away but sending it to binance.

Binance is the largest and most secure, exchange on planet Earth.  I have not met one glitch in the three months I have been using this platform. Deposits and withdrawals are seamless following the security setup. Highly recommended!

Don’t use them , I got $400 to trade a future and got limit , but when I lose I lose all my trade money because of 100% fees , very high fees , you will lose all you money if you use binance

PLEASE DO NOT PUT ANY MONEY INTO THIS SCAM.I put in a small ammount of money to the binance to try to learn crypto. my account showed my balance and then it went to zero, no explanations or reason. tried to log in next time and keeps sending me to verification page which i complete and nothing happens.customer support is absolutly non existant (100%)LOOK ELSEWHERE.CON

waited 6 hours to talk to support, all the money they make and can't even offer support

Binance is good and solid. I agree for the average joe the functions can be confusing and if you require human customer support you’re lost. But Binance is one of the good and legit sites so all this bad reviews is not fair. I’m real Client and I recommend them.

Having problems withdrawing money. My first test EUR SEPA withdrawal attempts kept failing with no explanation. Now I tried a different EUR account to withdraw to, and Binance withdrawal history shows it as "successful" but the money never arrived in my account - the money has just disappeared - yikes. I'm not sure which end the problem is on, so not 100% sure if the problem is Binance or on the receiving end (as it's a new account, it could be the receiving end), but it is worrying.Luckily it's small amounts as I am still just testing the service to make sure it works before I put proper in*EDIT* (May 2021) I have updated my review from negative to positive because it turns out the fault was not with Binance, but the receiving bank has an "anti-Crypto policy" and rejects payments from Binance. I was not aware of that.Binance support are still unfortunately very slow, but at least this wasn't their fault. They eventually tried to get back to me, now I am still trying to resolve the mess caused by the anti-crypto bank because these payments are in limbo.

This is the worst company every.  I have sent 3 emails I want my money back and they keep denying me access to it and keeps making me wait 24hrs to reset and once reset it kicks me out again.  I want the money put back into the account I funded these stocks with.  I had a death in the family so I need my money.  I will be writing to the BBB and talking to a lawyer this company is FRAUD do not trust or put your money into this company they will steal your hard earned money

Case ID #71042182I have been customer for many years. today I was trading with some liquid swap. the money disappeared in the conversion process. the customer service said that I sold the USDT. But he/she didn't provide any proof of founding.

WARNING WARNING!!!Binance customer service is crap they don’t care to respond their client for weeks.I have lost €7200 in P2P. Complain customer care few times but no help yet.WARNING do trading on your risk as no one in this company care about your hard earned $$$$$.

Non existent customer service, long waiting times (but they’ll happily take your money without waiting times), and charges every time you withdraw money (even if you don’t buy anything).

Worst customer service in crypto world. Just focused on increasing likes on twitter and adding customer but not focused at all in solving faced by existing customers. Even after 20 days no solution to the complain raised

How it possible to create an account with the same email of an existing account ? I guess i don't need to say more. One star is just to much

You really need to go on YouTube to work out hours to trade because:1. For the newbie, their website is complicated...2. You need youtube because they don't really have any nuseful educational resources on their platformI watched YouTube videos, went through the KYC, and in the end, I couldn't deposit using their suggested method of PayID. I sure as hell wasn't going to deposit using a credit card, as I'd get charged cash withdrawal rate... and that is what the support guy suggested. Don't waste your time.... you'll end angry due to frustration

Worst exchange ever.  Unable to register and open an account.  Tried several times with different emailadresses and help of the customerservice without succes.  Skip these amateurs.

Customer Support is terrible.  I cannot withdraw cryptos to a wallet becuase I am not receiving an email with the 6 digit code I need to confirm my request, along with the 2FA code.  So my withdrawal  request has been cancelled 3 times by Binance.  You submit a Support Request but have no way of tracking its progress.  The whole Support Centre needs to be overhauled quickly to make it user friendly and transparent, otherwise customers are going to go elsewhere

They close accounts and steal the moneyThey took me more than $ 60,000!Warn them it's a scam and I'm now in an international class action lawsuit

As a wallet 3 stars but as a way of investing cash quickly into crypto 0 stars. Been waiting for nearly 2 weeks on my 1st sepa transfer to come in. I would have been able to buy so much more safemoon. Try another faster way to buy crypto and then you could send it to binance. But im using trustwallet now I don't think they are scammers. They are a pretty huge company but still.Hope this saves you from not being able to buy a dip on time. Also contacting their support is like getting a toddler to eat veggies. Damn near impossible. So I hope this one star review speeds up my process.(Received my money back on my bank account about The day I posted this) so Changed to 3 star for the time lost.

Terrible customer service. Zero regulation. Absolutely no customer rights or recourse to binance if things go amiss. Lost money

Avoid at all costs. Banned my account from withdrawing my money and the customer service is a joke. Will take hours to respond then pass you on to a ‘senior agent’ where you have to start your request all over again. I’ve gone through the cycle for a week now and cutting my losses. Absolute scam company.

I have tried over and over to log in to my account but to no avail because it says it will send a code to my email address. But it doesn't !!!! Customer service is very bad. No one responds. Really shocking and awful platform! AVOID !!!!!!

Terrible customer service. It took days for them to reply to a support ticket when my account got hacked. If they had got back to me sooner, I would still have my money. I will NEVER use binance again and I will NEVER recommend the exchange to anyone. Also their 2FA security has a breach, as a hacker was able to bypass the 2FA and change my details without my receiving the 2FA security check

DON'T DO IT!!!! THEY SCAMMED ME

They just scammed me out of my crypto currency. Very dangerous game trading from this company. Not worth taking the risk.

Total Scam! I was allowed to deposit funds into my Binance account to purchase crypto, and then they closed my account, but are not allowing me to withdraw my funds. Contacted customer service, but they wont assist me. Avoid this scammy platform.

Stole my money. Scammers/hoax company. Reposted funds into account from trust wallet which they didn’t put into account. Then they said they could retrieve at a massive cost which was more than the deposited cash.  An agent last week stated the money would be refunded when the system rebooted after scheduled maintenance because it was sent to binance however this replay came today ///Based on the record, your current deposit has not been credited is because the funds were sent to the Binance hot wallet. Due to the sensitive nature of the request, we need to investigate this thoroughly and be absolutely sure before we transfer any funds to an external address. Also, due to the time and effort involved in manual retrieval, we will require a processing fee. The processing fee should be 0.001 BTC. Please inform us if you agree with that. If you agree with the retrieval fee, please keep at least 0.001BTC in your Binance account for fee deduction.  .....absolutely ludicrous scammers

Created an account & attending NFT Tuesdays on Youtube where I took part in their competitions. Subscribed to Binance channel. Received notification from Youtube last night about Binance Live session mentioning another competition. Took part in the competition and lost 10 BNB = circa $5300 which was 90% of my savings. Tried to contact Binance support to no availability. It does tell you to contact the support immediately if you don't recognise the transaction, however this is not possible. Still waiting for their response as of now despite claiming they will get in touch with me within 6 hours (!!!). I just run out of my mental resilience last night after a hard day and feel properly scammed now by Binance & Youtube for allowing this to happen on a large scale. Surely they could block these wallets which scammers are using like Coinbase did. Instead, they choose to stay quiet while many are being robbed of their only savings. The website with competition is called bonus-get.com feel free to get in touch with me if you suffered losses as we could look into small claim court options together. Currently in a process of contacting Action Fraud and obtaining a crime reference number. Case ID #70845180

I was conned into putting money into this outfit by Lynne Fox from Coinlife, trying to get money back from them is another thing,can’t find my money on any of their sites

Great exchange, fair fees, no problems depositing or withdrawing

Customer support is awful. Full of automated bots which do not address your problems.

Really frustrating service. Avoid them at all costs. Tried to withdraw money from my fiat wallet and it just rejected it after being on pending for like 24 hours. Tried to try again only to be told that withdrawals and deposits suspended. Tried to contact support and they're literally brain dead people who don't even understand your issue and every single one of them reply with the same scripted response. My friends were able to withdraw instantly! Honestly just avoid them.

Scammed me and my friend out of thousands of dollars, claiming they need to "verify" the origin of the funds, even after sending them bank statements and all the necessary legal documentation, they refuse to let us access to our funds.

Binance stole my money if I could I would rate no stars their customer service is beyond disgraceful they have offered no help whatsoever and after sending proof they are still telling me that this is not eniugh without offering what else I can do. Awful awful awful avoid!!!

I use them on a regular to do my transactions with no problems.

I've been using Binance for the past 3 months and have completed a number of coin purchases using P2P as well as Banxa transactions.  I haven't had any issues with them yet.  There fees are higher than others but recently have had issues with another lower fee exchange, so will stick with Binance.  Trading is fairly good, good view with the right info.  My only complaint is the higher fees, but if your making $$ its negligable.

Binance stole the money from my bank acct. I have no idea how they got my info. I am out almost $300 form these thieves. I am on a limited income and they wiped me out. I had never even heard of them until there name showed up in my acct. This really stinks!

This company is a scam. They have my money and have refused to address the issue. Never change password because they will lock you out. Even customer support do not respond to anything. I don't know what to do when they keep my money and they cannot let me log in and now its over 2 months with no response. Not sure where to turn to.

No, no ,no, no... Just don't. Trust me. The amount of times you'll get frustrated by the multiple log in attempts for everything you want to do will finish you off. Now I have to wait for 24 hours to get my deposit back due to me changing my password. Scam!

I was given  the Binance name by one of my colleagues who uses them with no problem so I thought would give it a try. I deposited £200 which was converted to $ and bought Dogecoin this rose and I withdrew and converted back £500 and left the balance in $ in bitcoin and dogecoin which of todays date (25/04/21) is $617. Found the whole process to be easy to use and understand, Just wished I had deposited more though earlier.

I am giving it a 5 rating because I haven't had any problem with it. Sincerely speaking, The comments below requesting you guys to contact someone for recovery will scam you 5 times. I recommend if you don't trust the site, don't join, but if you do, you can join. Stay vigilant guys.

Customer service don't respond.. been two months. Absolute joke of a company.

What a joke Binance are , their site is constantly showing blanks, I have no idea what I have with them or how to withdraw my funds as their system seems to crash everytime I want to withdraw! I am really disappointed with this site!

I used this platform, until somehow, my bitcoins disappeared. Though I wrote to their support, I never got any response. I then switched to AxisOption and its been wonderful there since. When Binance gave 3% interests, AxisOption gives 10%.

Never, ever, ever, ever, store your money or buy from Binance. They don't have a support department and display willful negligence in order to not deal with your support ticket/let them expire. If you think you'll be the exception, check their subreddit. You'll have an issue eventually. Disgusting.

customer support is quite important and its one of more things that isnt working by Binance. The identification process is extremely annoying, the fact that you cant deposit your fiat balance with credit card without fees is perplexing, and asking to verify even more documents and wait days in order to be able to top up the balance via bank account transfer is just a nonsens.

I give one star but would be less if possible. I put £500 in just to purchase BNB binnances own token this was my second transaction witin an hour. Prior to this i had the app was fully verified but just not used it. I did the exact same procedure as the first transaction but this time it eventually rejected. I repeated this a number of times only to be told "withdrawals have been temporarily disabled due to risk control" which popped up every time i tried the transaction. I contacted help and support via the chat on the app and what a waste of time that was 100's of unanswered messages and evey now and again you get a template answer not pertaining to your issue asking for all sorts videos holding up id stating date time etc. I made the video as asked only to find out their support platform does not even recieve video. When i questioned what the problem was on my account i am yet to recieve a reply to this day. Its been 4 days now and i still dont have access to my money cant transfer it so i have asked they return it but no response. The real sinister thing about this whole ordeal is my money (£500) is trapped in their coin BNB and currently is worth £100 so makes me believe this is all part of their plan as i can not nor can they explain what the issue is evertime i ask i get a prept template answer totally avoiding the matter. Lastly Binance asked me to create a video via an app i have never used showing all my id and footage of me in my account and then sent a link to share it with them to allow withdrawals on my account. As per data protection i told them if they require videos for proof surely have that format available on your company support page which only accepts pictures. So as it stands if im not willing to share a video holding up various id footage of me going through my app my money is conveniently trapped invested in Binnances own coin.Cant lie it feels like one big scam and to come on here and see the ridiculous amount times they have repeated the statement on here in the reviews to prevent people seeing the untold bad reviews on here only renforces this. I will be getting my money back in full for sure but as they dont have phone contact and the support and help system is an absolute joke im guessing i will be going down the leagal route.

Look like a scam, when trying to withdraw the fund's system didn't let me.Try to contact customer support, no response.Shortly after Binance starts charging me per hour to hold my money on the account.Customer support mentioned that customer support will contact me in 6 hr.Impossible to get answers to questions. Provided my contact details. No call received or even attempt to help.Raising federal ombudsman service case- against them.AVOID LIKE A PLAGUE

the company is a scam, they wont even let me take my money out

Terrible company so be aware!!!! I placed £500 in my account 4 days ago and it’s disappeared. I must have contacted customer services 50 times and they are totally useless!! I think I’ve lost my money so be aware of this company. I’m not sure if they are honest or not. At the end of the day, at the moment I’m £500 down and customer services are totally, totally useless!!!!!!!!

Binance service number (872)2566767.It's free to support Cryptocurrency trading.The way they relate shows they are only after you making profit. I am making tangible and steady profits with the bitcoin I invested with them.

They have horrible customer support. I am originally from a "banned" country on their list but living in the EU for a long time. I made a mistake and uploaded my passport photo for verification instead of my residency card and they immediately closed my account. Now my friends who have the same nationality have a verified account because they did not do the same mistake.When I asked their support to solve the issue they just responded that your nationality is banned and you never can verify your account. If this is not racism I don't know what is.

Worst ever experience of customer service. It is very difficult to reach them and when you do, They’re not helpful at all

wont let me withdraw my funds and  their support is god awful ive been waiting for 24 hours in live chat and  they keep putting me on hold

This company has everything you ever wanted in crypto. Fabulous I love the conceptGood Luck trying to work out how to find it and use it!So sadCoinspot fees are way more, but it's sooo simple to useAll I want to do is buy/sell, simple.....

15 days to verify you!!!!  Even after sending in DL and bank statement.  Absolutely the most inept company I've ever traded with.

Biggest frauds around. I had my doubts but took the leap, do not make the same mistake as me. This crypto currency hype has become like a pyramid scheme in its own way. All the excitement over some poxy or no gain at all.

Do not sending email veryfication but sending email when is logging attemps from new IP. Can't verify ID.

Brought BNB coins and come on next day for them to be converted into Alienworld. and as the price is too low for there trades i have lost 100£ i put in for a Transaction i never did

Worst exchange around, customer service takes upto 5 days to respond to a simple question. ID verification is appalling, they think they know more about the law and regulations than your own government. Avoid at all costs.

This platform is the worst and a fraud, I deposited my money a month ago and until now i cannot see my money so i can use it! You have to have ticket to get scheduled for customer service and there is no body to help you. Then they restricted you and cannot sell or buy or use the platform. Never use Binance, I’m warning everybody.

Decent exchange, lots of listed coins, interesting opportunities. There are better exchanges, but most don't have this many coins listed.

A little hard to use at first (i was coming from etoro) but after a few YouTube videos, was pretty to get the hang of. I like the low fees, large selection of coins and savings/staking. I'm from the uk and I my first bank transfer took about 30 mins, after that they normally take 15 mins ish. Not sure why they have low reviews, I've not experienced any issues since i joined in Feb 2021

ages to set up account, then worked really well. At crucial times could not log on owing to th need to pass 3 security checks in one minute...especially when binance posts were arriving late...really shoddy outfit, with systems/software that is not up to the job. On the positive side when working... great...I need reliability and consistency -

This exchange customer service is damn horrible. Team doesn't address the issue directly, instead going around or keep asking the same question again and again. If you don't continue to quarrel with them, they'd just say "we believe your matter has been resolved..."What is this? You put clowns in customer service team ? The business is billions of dollars, and this is how you treat your clients ?My case ID is 70615187. This is your last chance to save your good name.

The site has cheap user fees but frequently has 'maintainence' when demand spikes around corrections and opportunitues to buy the dip. Clearly this is premeditated. Also, the withdrawal fees are ludicrous. As of writing it costs 100 VET  ($23) to withdraw Vechain (VET) to your personal wallet. What a joke. Hopefully Eth2.0 and other defi ecosystems will be able to heavily challenge and replace organisations like this in the future.

In simple words: NO .....

Completely unprofessional set up, their customer service is a JOKE.Withdrawal payment withheld for unknown reasons, "customer service" bounceback telling me to "be patient".This is the exact message I received:"i already go through your issue , in order to provide a better service, your problem will be escalated to a relevant department and they will reply to you in the message within 24-48 hours. Please wait patiently and check later."This is an answer to why their "Instant Card Withdrawals" process had taken over 24 hours already!From their website:"How long do instant card withdrawals take?In most cases, your withdrawal request will be processed within 5 minutes. However, processing can take up to 24 hours in some rare cases."RARE CASES, STRONG DOUBT.Honestly I don't know what I expected. This is a cowboy company, I am getting my money out (if they even pay it to me) and will literally never touch them again. Even with a 50 foot pole.BEWARE, I am not sure I am even going to get my money back. I will update as I go.

ALL the reviews are full of woff this app is so good literally the best crypto wallet there is any other wallet is not up to standard compare to this. this app is so fast you get verified almost instantly and everything works perfectly the only thing that they are missing is being able to connect with pancakes.

Did three transaction to buy Dodgecoins.First amount disappeared after one day. 3 days later all my funds disappeared. So basically they stole my money. I have the history that proves I bought the funds. But nothing showing how it disappeared.

completely useless, tons of garbage everything and the things you want to find on the website are impossible to find. I'm going to find another place, this is pure trash!

Horrible experience.It is my crypto and it is my asset! But then they wont be able to release my very own asset that I have. Be careful! Dont trust them on holding your crypto assets. Maybe in the end, you will not gonna have an access to it because of their "policy!!"

You want us to use u to deal in money , but your first page will not accept the SMS code that you send to the phone for verification . I think I'll pass on this website, thx bye

When I first got into crypto I was cowed by the amount of terrible reviews for the main exchanges including Binance. Now that I've been in the game for awhile, it is very apparent that Binance is the best by far. Super official, secure, and frankly there's more hoops to jump through when moving finances than many banks. I have 100% confidence in Binance as a platform and I encourage new users to at least test it out, even just for the super low trading fees (I lost sooo much money on a few noob platforms paying 2% commissions per trade). Good luck!

Great platform. The only complaint is that a lot of countries are not supported.

I'm surprised to see such a bad overall score for Binance... Sure, their menu isn't intuitive to navigate, but it's definitely trustworthy being the #1 crypto exchange. Decent internal swap rates, and decent interest for staking in a trustworthy place, although you can definitely get much higher staking rates on DEX like PancakeSwap, UniSwap, SushiSwap, etcI also use Coinspot, Kraken and Swyftx to buy with fiat... All 4 of these I mentioned are trustworthy, but always do your own research. Many scams out there...Good luck everyone :-)

I use many crypto platforms, Binance is definitely the one with the worst customer service, that is a real shame for such a big platform, it shows no respect for their customers..

Very slow service, I tried to use another exchange and got scammed because of binance slow service.

HORRIBLE! They've basically stolen my money. I bought BNB through them and now I'm not allowed to withdraw it. Do NOT use this service. I wish I would have read the reviews on here before depositing money with them.

you can add money anytime you want. if you want to withdraw money or crypto, they suddenly become suspended. AVOID !!!!!!!!!

Honestly if I listed all the problems I've had with them you'd be here all day. In short, setup an account unable to make any purchases, after a day of trying to get help and being sent in circles get told I failed some screening that they can't tell me about. I've never been involved in anything shady, no criminal record, my mind is boggled as to what it could be. I submitted a video of myself, my drivers license and water bill as proof of ID. Back to Coinbase I go, much better service albeit limited choice of coins.21/02/2023 EDIT: With regards to Binances response below, too late, it took nearly 2 years for you to reply? Do one. You've earned your trash reputation enjoy it. I wouldn't use Binance if you paid me.

I got registered, verified. Deposited GBP and made purchase and sale to check the platform. Everything was fine, until I had to withdraw the amount. I submitted withdrawal request, once with the option of Fast Payments and then with Direct Visa through my visa card. Both are still shown as processing after 2 days. Support team has not answered any query. Secondly they show 1% fee on card withdrawal, while they actually deduct 1.5% The most pathetic thing is no response from the customer services on chat even after asking them 24 hours ago.

the worse crypto platform you can ever use! what a waste of time! full of complexity and headache! very slow and unprofessional, plus unsafe hackers from time to time hack it and withdraw thousands of bitcoins !! App made in Taiwan what could you expect ?! I recommended not to use this App you will waste your money and your effort for nothing

I withdraw 290 at ATM it denied but money was deducted from my account.Binance support helped me to resolve the issue. Money was returned.

One of the worst possible exchanges, nothing is okay with this exchange. I don’t even know from where to start. Giving a lot of errors daily, stops working all the time, not accepting orders and the thing I am mostly angry is that it is selling my positions without letting me know!P.s. if you want to trade cryptocurrencies “binance” is one of the worst places for doing it!

I have been trying to contact Binance for almost 7 hours. And have not got no response yet.

Absolute dogsh1t app.Suspends the trading most popular coins when they rise resulting in losses. Corrupt shitbags

Months ago I suffered a scam losing all my savings. I don’t mean about inversions, I mean a really SCAM from BINANCE fake accounts where I sent my money thinking that all the MONEY LAUNDRY protocols, that supposedly BINANCE signed were followed by them to avoid this scam. But no, BINANCE “doesn’t have idea” about the fake accounts inside of their application and let you in the scammers hands without any help. I have policial evidences about this and how the scammers work inside of BINANCE without any problem, moving money and stealing money from customers like me... and I say again, I’m not talking about a bad inversion, I talk about SCAMMERS INSIDE OF BINANCE WITH THEIR knowledge

Takes way too long to get verified! Wish I could get the time back I wasted on this

I was using my cross margin account and had leveraged it x3. I placed a stop limit and selected the option to repay as a part of the stop limit order. This should resulted in me being over £2000 profit. The stop limit order went through, however the repayment for my borrowed coins had not despite it saying this is automatic! Resulting in a significant loss due to price fluctuations and the repayment having to be done manually. I not only lost my profit but it had eaten into my capital despite buying low and selling fairly high! I have contacted Binance provided sceeenshots (thankfully at the time I was sending my partner screen shots of what I was doing) which clearly shows the order and that the repay option had been selected. I have provided this to Binance so they can explain to me what happened, why it was not repaid and to provide me with not only my capital but profits too due to a fault of their technical system. I had heard nothing from them to date and will be filing a legal complaint in this regards.

customer service is impossible to get hold of

Works perfectly well for me, had no issues with it what so ever, only site I have ever used and I plan to stick with them, doing a great job guys thankyou 👍🏼

Horrible company. Cannot even simply make an account and servers are always down or verification failed. Look for an alternative cryptocurrency exchange. Perhaps I dodged a bullet because of how much money people lost from this company!

It's unbelievable how many bad reviews are on Binance. I am using Binance for 3 years and I think it's the best crypto-exchange.Never had any problem with anything and that's why I think the "bad reviews" just want to promote their company (which may be scam). Why would you otherwise lie about other company?

Criminal sheltering platform, no way to reach to them on twitter, they do not respond to mails, UGLIEST platform, they have criminals who scam people and I have been scammed and they did not event reply to our police. Mother Fu*k*r Changpeng Zhao is busy taking commission from them

SO badNever use it again. Service is the worst. Nothing proceeds

Binance does send currency very quickly.they have many coins and many possibilities to deposit.Always have been paid and have been able to transfer coins/tokens.

Do not use this app if you're in the UK. It randomly suspended my account because I updated my phone number and apparently I have to wait 48 hours before I can do anything on my account again. Meanwhile the market has dropped so I cant even protect my coins and have no choice but to suffer massive losses in this time. I cant even recover by buying more. Support team is inactive. Please save yourselves the stress and time, genuinely.

Just when market going down, as a Trader on APP or Browser I see "NETWORK FAILED" or something like that. Isn't it greasy for such a big exchange? Shame on you with your greasy things. People will leave you with the time and change you into better exchanges without that greasy things. I think smart money make enough money to let people do their trades. But they're too greasy even for these things. And it's not a temporary errors, it is always when market going fast somewhere. Don't try to say that it's unexpected. You know what you are doing.SHAME!!!

The withdrawal procedure is full of convenient "network errors". Kraken is a much more reliable broker. Use them to withdraw to your bank account and you wont have any issues. Binance is desperate to make money from your available balance. 10 cents here and there will add up for them and it's quite obvious how they are doing it.

Order won't go through because of an error.I bought crypto, binance took their fee. I tried converting to another crypto, but the order won't go through. They have fixed the error, but I have to replace my order, but the rate is not what I need now, so I have money just sat their being wasted now, because of these incompetent fools. And their customer support had been offline for a year, which means no refunds.STAY AWAY FROM THESE GUYS.Edit after response:"Hello! We understand that this case is old, though we have just started on Trust Pilot and would like to attend it.""First of all, we hope, your case was fixed and you have converted funds at benefiatial for you rate without any problems."No, it wasn't fixed. And I didn't post my review for assistance. I posted it warn people of scammers like you.I transferred away from your scammy platform."Binance constantly offers support 24/7""You have the option to chat with a real agent whenever you like..."No, you do not. When I tried to contact you, there was literally no way to speak to an agent.

Scammers, Binance can shut down their platform allowing them to dump whatever they want forcing liquidation to trigger and buying the dip when they want , I couldn't trade or add margin to my position only to see it liquidated by 10 cents on the price. I want my position back where it was because it is your fault...

Have used Binance for quite a few years now and have found them fantastic.  Moved XRP and various other coins in and out sucessfully, bought, exchanged and sold.  Their interface is easy to use and once you get advanced verification you can now move money in and out using Faster Payments from the UK within minutes and at super low cost.  I move coins out to my own wallets once I've finsihed any transactions to be on the safe side, as it's easy to move them back again when I need to. Recommended!

I bought 30 BNB from Binance to invest in $OCTA Coin 2 weeks ago and OCTA went crazy, still is. Made x19 so far. Thank you!

Reading the many fake Binance reviews on here you wouldnt know who to believe. Personally I processed my first £5000GBP Binance withdrawal today back to my own bank account and the money arrived 10 minutes after I made the request and that was a on a Saturday as well. I had not customer service interaction so cannot comment on that and I did find it quite difficult working out how to get my funds out of my futures account and back to GBP, Apart from that I have no complaints at all.

Tested yesterday with a £50 deposit on Dogecoin while it was at 0.29, checked today to see it at 0.23 and Binance app is blocking me from trading it by saying i need to trade a minimum of £50gbp. Happy to take a loss given that Binance made it clear of there business model, helping me to understand and appreciate my 1k deposit being blocked by my bank last night for security. Will not be using this app again, however it is helpful to some degree by allowing new traders to see how poor it is so that’s why it has 2 stars and not 1

AVOID!! They still your money even during trade. I sold 1000XRP and bought back at cheaper rate 10 mins later only to find that I had only 879XRP back. How is this possible? They cheat you and no customer service to help. AVOID THIS EXCHANGE AT ALL COST!

The one thing I've learned the hard way is you have to do everything yourself. All the information is there for beginners but you need to educate yourself before investing.Seems a secure site because when I changed my phone handset I struggled to get my account back on. Make sure you set up a 2FA

They block me from Binance English Telegram because I praise CDC interface. Other than that they always block me for selling when you prices are going down.They also created gamble coin in crypto just to make money like UP/Down series which has nothing to do with crypto decentralized space.Its hard to avoid them as they are the biggest exchange now but they are taking unfair advantage.I will try to avoid them.

Absolutely furious with Binance.  I have been held up in account verification for over a month and they don't have any humans to resolve the issue.  Binance keeps sending me the same email the i need to upload additional documentation but when I go to the site there is no place to download the doc and it continue to say pending verification.  I lost the opportunity at some MAJOR gains waiting for them.

They're pretty complex and there's nothing simple about using it. But they're excellent for pump and dumps

Absolutely, the worst experience ever.I use Coinbase quite often and I have never experienced the problems I have had with BINANCE.Photo of driving licence not good enough even though perfect.  Unable to credit my account using debit cards or credit cards all with credit on them and they work on other platforms.Unable to delete account and it just "Fails".  Customer support message said they would be with me in 15 minutes but never replied even after an hour or so.  Seriously do not bother with them as it is a major headache.

Binance is not an exchange or a broker, they are a casino. Recently I deposited $50 in the account for fun to buy Doge. This purchase was 3 weeks ago, conveniently Doge has rallied quite a bit. I went to check on my balance and it was at $15. I am absolutely stunned that this place is even aloud to conduct business. Where did my $50 go? Where are my gains?

very horrible and still going on Nightmare. Tried to switch from Binance to binance.us due to US citizen, they just suspend the account, after many times of submitting the tickets and documents, they just ignore that. be watch out !!! very horrible experience.

Absolutely hopeless. Have tried for 2 days to transfer funds from my debit card and unable to do so. Spoke to my bank and no issues from their side.Used card on other platforms with absolutely no issues.Have done all sorts of verifications but made no difference.Have been raising queries for 2 days on their chat and no response.Honestly have found platform to be useless. It’s a shame as was actually initially quite excited about using it.

The customer service is terrible. Almost impossible to get in contact, and they do not respond either.

I opened an account with Binance 6 weeks ago and got a 2FA error, their customer service is a bot, there is no real person that can help, they have my money and I can’t withdraw it, it’s been 6 weeks now. These are a bunch of sharks beware when giving them your cash you may never get it back. Case ID 5230446

Genuinely infuriating company. I set up an account and then followed the process to ‘advance verify’ my account and it keeps coming back as failed. I have tried so many times and getting nowhere. They advertise they have 24/7 customer support but it’s just a bot dishing out generic messages that help with nothing! No solutions what so ever, yet when I first set the account up and purchased some Dogecoin, they had no issue taking the money straight away. Funny how they aren’t too fussed with the verification process then, but are so when it comes to trading/withdrawing funds. I don’t recommend this site to anyone. I much prefer Coinbase, as they aren’t a company to mess their people around. I’ve made an ‘appeal’ video to try and get this verification sorted, as it appears that I am being held hostage by them anyways, so why not! It’s an absolute joke and the customer service is a zero. Don’t bother getting an account with them. As soon as I am able to do so, I will be withdrawing my funds from them. But I’m not holding my breath that I will get anywhere. They are just a scamming company pretending to be some big guns in the market. I can see why a lot of people are suggesting that BNB will be dropping in price soon! Good luck to all those who are still hoping to get their issues resolved like me. I hope they do the right thing and sort themselves out ASAP!!

Do not use Binance, they have frozen my account so I can not withdraw. But I am allowed to still deposit. I have only ever used the website on 2 devices. It is also impossible to contact them. Please avoid using them they are useless.

I Experienced the reason for all their bad reviews first hand tonight.....I'm trying to get LTC from my Binance wallet to my exodus wallet but they send confirmation emails for the transaction literally 2 minutes after the expiry time (30 mins) .....it takes Binance 30 mins to send out a confirmation e-mail. Are you kidding me? pathetic

This must be one of the very worst companies I've ever had to deal with online or in real life!  I wanted to set up an account.  I went through the process.  They wanted me to do an identity verification.  I followed the rules, entered the information about my Australian drivers licence, etc.  But their system said it was not valid!  it suggested I had not entered information correctly.  So I tried again checking very carefully each bit of information.  Still no luck!I then tried entering everything in caps, just as it is on my drivers license.  But the system said I'd tried too many times!  Come back later!  I tried that, but I still kept getting that message.  Finally after more than a day, I tried again.  Still the same message, telling me, falsely, that I hadn't entered information correctly.Then, I did a search for a link to their support people.  NOTHING!   Again I searched and searched.  Finally found a link to a weird piece of their site where they answered one or tow questions.  But nothing concerning the problem I encountered due to their buggy website!  If this company cant provide better service .... If they can't deliver a website that is not so buggy .... how could I trust them with holding my money, holding my Bitcoin wallet, etc.?Forget it!  The worst!

They are too difficult to deal with. They make it so complicated just to deposit funds. It just keeps saying failed. Then it tells you they will suspend your account for trying to deposit money too many times!! REALLY ???? To suspend an account for trying to deposit money and buy coins! Hmmm. I thought that's what your company is meant to do! I DO NOT RECCOMEND! Then if you try contacting support it tells me it will be 5-7 business days! WOW! This is after you spent hours giving them so much sensitive information and uploading SO MUCH info. It will say it's all verified but still won't let you use their platform to buy coins. I opened with Coinbase and had no issues what so ever.

Scam business - stay away from it @ all cost. Nothing good to say about this.

On this platform I had the opportunity to be fooled in a professional way, you can trade, but you can not change anything after entering a trade, you can see TP / SL but you can not change anything, which  makes you practically a fool waiting to be rekt. If you miss click on any button like close by LIMIT/MARKET no confirmation will pe opend, u will be rekt instant! Funding fees and other fees are almost hidden. And the most annoying thing is the margin that you think you can trust that can increase your margin but it costs you so much that you realize you've been caught like a fish on a hook. Overall experience, Binance is like the handicapped brother, the failed clone of bybit! I really don`t recommend this unfinished market. Looks unfinished market and acts like a demo with no confirmations for transactions. Wasted time and money.

I have been trying to reach almost everyday within 3 months to Binance customer service. They asked me to upload the required documents to unsuspend my account for 4 TIMES!! After each time I have uploaded the documents, I could no longer reach the online support. It is a shame to witness this kind approach from such a corporate company!!

Do not trust them with your money! I made a payment with a credit card, I have over 6 days and that payment is in "processing" status I can't use them to trade to get them out from this exchange. I tried every day to get in contact with customer support, they don't even bother to respond after 6 days!!! I don't have a proper way to contact them and find out what is happening with my payment, My bank told be that the transaction is complete in the fist day.... this is not possible for an exchange like binance to hold my money 6 days without any notice or response from customer support and just ignore me....

switched from coinbase as i see a lot of recommendations for binance. I dont understand why, it is awful. Over the top security when it comes to withdrawing funds, but very little when taking your money and charging very high fees. Constantly logging in and receiving verification codes to be able to log in. face recognition, wanting driving license and bank details and more. Avoid.

This is the worst platform I have ever used! They asked me to forward supporting documents several times which I did but they have responded in over 4 months! The support thread keeps expiring and I have to start all over again. They just won’t let me withdraw my funds.

BINANCE OF COURSE=45 TIMES!!!Personal Verification UnsuccessfulWe're sorry to inform you that your Personal Verification has been declined for the following reason(s):" Verification failed, please upload a valid and clear copy of your document. "Please make the necessary changes and try again.We apologize for any possible inconvenience.If you don't recognize this activity, please contact us immediately at

Dunno why it's got such a low score, but just bought some ada on there and all good so far.

Avoid binance like the plague. I registered last month bought 150gbp worth of bitcoin was unable to withdraw into my wallet, next thing I know I've been signed out of my account! Weird. Anyway what I soon found even weirder was my password was no longer working... I try and get help from the support chat, well, lets just say their stealing skills are alot better than their English skills, you can wait hours for a reply and when they do eventually speak they give you 5 minutes to reply back, if you don't reply they pass you on to another fraudster agent, which you will have to wait hours for again. They had no idea who I was and none of my data seemed to of been kept, no email was even linked to the account, I was then given 8 security questions to answer, what was the I.p adress I registered my account on, what system am i using etc.. I get all these questions wrong suprise, suprise (set up to fail) This shadey company has stolen my money, luckily it wasn't more. Avoid binance!!!!

If I could put 0, I would. Worst customer service ever, literally non-existent. They have been holding my money for weeks and don't give a damn about fixing it. Isn't the process supposed to be seamless and easy. This is unacceptable

Benance is a cheater exchanger, a greedy and selfish Xsanger only find your profit, lick many people like me, stay away from it, then be good.......

i have been waiting for ages to withdrawal money , i have ordered something online and had to send btc and it's Awaiting Approval , and such a support service , you cant even talk to a human it's all bots and automatic replies that leads you somewhere else , ohhh gossh this is so annoying. i just want my money backguys all the positive reviews here are from India , it's all scam this good reviews are not even human just software making them ! dont get tricked

Terrible customer service. Money went missing using the app. Been in contact numerous times sort the issue. Give all information and screenshots needed and still no further update. No contact number to speak to anyone. Disappointing

Never had any issues. The UI could be more simple.

Stay away! They are thieves and no one will care about you. For no reason my 2 buys of crypto via card failed. Money was deducted from a card but not creadited on binance. On support they told me it will teka 7 days. Now I am sitting here 3 weeks after, one payment is back i bank ( in 3x longer time) and one is still missing. NO ONE EVEN CARE TO HELP ME AGAIN. I am totaly ignored in customer support chat. I have been writting there almost every day. They will just ignore you. They just took my money with no reason and hold them for almost one month. I lost many opportunities, They just made a free loan from me and more than half money they keep stolen from me. THIEVES, STAY AWAY!

I've used Binance for a while and it's a great exchange. The UI can be a bit of a visual nightmare if you're a beginner and used to using exchanges like coinbase but all in all I'm quite pleased with the experience.

Stay away from this frauden site. I did my first pay with my creditcard, and it was the first time I used my new credit card and it was abused for 6201 USD on Binance.com

Binance support service 8722566767.24x7 on InstaGram official_binance_support.It's free to support.Dedicated support for Cryptocurrency traders.Our experts know the techniques of fixing the issues in a faster and easier manner and we always try to fix the bug from the root so that it not again affect your application.

Worst costumer support ever!! Im trying to solve a problem for more than 1 month, talker to more than 15 guys... they always say the same. “Your issue was fixed, try again in 24h”.Totally ridiculous. No one really care for the costumer.

Appalling exchange. Makes it almost impossible to do  trades and sells by restricting what you can sell and trade. Also says $25 min trade but not true as some trades has to be higher. If you want to hate learning crypto then go to binance. Much better exchanges out there.

They will lock your account despite you bowing down to their every wish and locking all of your money away and not giving you access to it.  No customer service phone number only support tickets that no one ever reads.  Good luck getting your money out.

Making deposits to my Binance account from a bank account that I have used before and the transactions are being rejected from Binance. I have been going back and forth with Binance support for several days and they have not been able to provide a solution. The rejected money was returned to my bank account with a large loss. Binance support has been really slow (hours or days to respond) and unable to answer any question but rather just ask questions, in poor English, that they already know the answers to.

Had some serious issues with Binance and they didn't even care about me. Support ignored my tickets for MONTHS and tried to con me out of my money. Never again for me, but ymmv.

Terrible app to log in and to verify your account, even after you made it in the end, terrible support.

Binance don't do support. Support means responding to users' questions and queries. Since there is no way of contacting them, you can't pose your question so they can't respond. AFAIK, you can't chat, mail, submit a request ticket or do anything else. There is only a fake 'Chat' function that simply searches a FAQ using A.S. It's so ridiculously ineffective, I'm surprised they don't remove it out of embarrassment.

The worst trade firm I have encounteredthey block your assets as they wish

Best exchange ever!Most of the reviews on hear are spammers trying to get you to go to their bs pay up from debt recovery sites. Binance works flawlessly, I have been using it for years and they never rip anyone off, they have the lowest fees of any exchange 0.075% I think, their system works flawlessly with trading bots and they offer staking of many coins and many other finance options. I do not work for binance or am I affiliated with them in any way, if you find this usefull please feel free to sign up using my referal id 	15393360 for various reductions, or don't but i would not worry about using binance, it works great :)

You're crazy if you trust these people with your money! The worst company ever

The company has sent my money to the wrong account and they refuse to help and have stopped replying to messages. For the love of God stay away from Binance and use Coinbase!

I love simply this exchange, as the fees are low and high liquidity

Terrible, no one answers for support

My BNB disappeared and no one response that , don’t trust binance

Most ridiculous helpdesk ever. They one f#cking bot and keep sending same massage no mater what you ask!

Do not trust any off those company telling you that they can help you with your withdraw...they all scam and they will take all your money.If you need help just ask from the binance official  page or from the app.Do not trust all those reviews  which they are offering help.They all scam

Absolutely shocking service!!! I only deposited a small amount just to see how things went luckily. When I tried to withdraw funds it took weeks and endless chats that went nowhere! Always coming up with system errors which not one of the so called support team could answer why. I ended up transferring crypto into my other account as the “help” was going nowhere!!

Binance support service 1800-647-1673.24x7 on telegram @official_binance_support.It's free to support.Dedicated support for Cryptocurrency traders.Our experts know the techniques of fixing the issues in a faster and easier manner and we always try to fix the bug from the root so that it not again affect your application.

Worst experience ever, they have my account locked and won't give it back. They have done this to thousands of people just to steal their money. No customer service, you can never get a person on the phone or via live chat. Binance is a scam

Lost my password (like a moron, I admit).  However, trying to recover it is literally impossible.  I guess they just get to keep my money as there is NO way to contact them.

I've been with Binance for years, recommended all my colleagues to use, but just recently Binance decided to restrict the withdraw function on my account for no comprehensible reason, i have spent over a week sending bank statements, selfie videos and countless emails only to for another agent to respond after a couple of days asking me to repeat the process all over again and to top it off all my colleagues that I recommended have no issues with their account. This is completely unacceptable how are we ever going to get mass adoption when one of the biggest player in the game behave like amateurs

They sell themselves as a safe platform for P2P but they are not! There's only scammers. For 3 times I tried to sell crypto. People make orders but never transfer funds. Binance support takes ages to do something. The first 2 times they only released my funds a week after. Now I have frozen funds for over 10 days and no one replies me about it. Stay away if you don't want to lost money.

I'm surprised how horrible their service is. Just sucks. Keep away !

Their customer service is non existent.  I wrote a ticket and after waiting 3 weeks, I got a reply in the form of a canned response reply and no resolution to my problem. Meanwhile I have hundreds of dollars that are stuck in limbo. This is criminal. I hope to god they get sued heavily.

They didn’t accept my verification and can’t find coins, like BLC and KVC. Really bad of binance

Binance support service $1(2132974984). It's free to support Cryptocurrency trading.The way they relate shows they are only after you making profit. I am making tangible and steady profits with the bitcoin I invested with them.Thanks Binance support team

Its fraudDon't use Binance, they stole my money

In the beginning maybe looks complicated but once everything done and you in then everything become so easy and friendly, i recommend to be  : patient > don't panic and TRUST YOUR ABALITY.Thanks binance Thanks trustpilot

Bad company , they don't even answer in the support, don't use this exchange as crypto exchange. took my money and tell there deposit failed. They dont even send the money back to my bankIt has been a monthTHIEVES

Very bad, the merchant took the money from my account and didn't credited to Binance account.I tried to contact binance support the just saying will contact the merchant and me to wait until they get in touch with the merchant, totally scam, i have raised this case as a scam to my bank they are taking action hopefully they make it happen my refund, fingers crossed 🤞

Binance is one of the worst trading platforms I have ever used. I only went with them initially because they allowed the purchase of some Alt Coins not available on other platforms. The trading experience wasn't too bad...However when you come to withdraw your money... that's when the fun beginsThey would NOT allow me to withdraw to my bank or my card, saying there was an internal risk assessment done or I was in a country that it was unavailable in.. I am in the UK and they know this through the verification i went throughWould they elaborate on the risk assessment? NO! they were unresponsive, unhelpful and it was an absolute nightmareI will be closing my account with them, I have had to convert all my funds into Bitcoin and Transfer to another wallet on another platform because this company was causing huge anxietyDO NOT USE BINANCE if you want to trade in Crypto.. They will happily take your funds from a card or bank transfer, but when you come to withdraw, they will put every road block they can in your way and ignore you when you ask for help!Just look on Reddit at the amount of problems people have using this platform

SCAMMERS, DO NOT INVEST WITH BINANCE.COM.You will lose all your money.Avoid like a virus!!!!

Binance is scam, took my £170 worth of BTC, i transfer to my other wallet and all of a sudden it’s disappear, it’s happend to most of my friends, UK gov should banned it just like USAAnd they charged 0.0005 btc which is £22 to transfer £50 btc is it a joke???

I have got funds in Binance and I am kept being asked for more and more money before I can get it transfered to my bank. I have refused to transfer anymore has i think I smell a rat, I think I should go to the fraud team. Any help or advice welcome.

No problems, works well. Happy with the service

Legit THIEVES. Case ID#5114911. I lost my old phone which had my authenticator linked too, so was dealing with binance support to get it removed. I provided ALL the desired demands proving my identity. Confirmed my identity, and not only did they not remove my authenticator but they deleted my account! LOL yes you read that correctly. They deactivated my account which had crypto on it. Absolutely ridiculous. SCUM BAGS!!

SCAM. I SENT £100 TO BINANCE ACCOUNT LIKE I DID BEFORE BUT THIS TIME IT SAYS” EXPIRED” and THERE IS NO MONEY. I CONTACTED WITH MY BANK AND THEY SAY THE MONEY IS TRANSFERRED. I TRIED TO ASK ONLINE CHAT SERVICE BUT NO ANSWER. BASICALLY £100 IS GONE. BE CAREFUL. IT IS A ROBBERY

Worst withdrawal fees than even new exchanges.Trying to withdraw any ERC20 token you have to pay 4x more money than the ethereum blockchain.if the ethereum blockchain now has $5 transfer fees, binance will charge you $20 or more.Do not buy crypto from that exchange.

There is no number to call ,they refer you to FAQ page, I am trying to preform verefication but declined again and again but no body to talk to

Binance is ass. I’ve tried multiple times to get verified and sent them everything needed and still no verification and customer service is not there what so ever

I'm trying to reset my 2fa for last two weeks. I have already sent the required documents to customer service but no response at all. Bad experience.

atrocious customer service, the worst Ive ever known. The agents don't know answers to more complex things. Then pass you over in a live chat to someone else who i'snt available. Ive been effectively on hold with my questions unanswered for days. When I try to create a new ticket to re apply for an email or chat queue I'm stuck with my old messages of me asking when the agent is going to return my message form the "live chat" of several days ago. Ive also asked for compensation when their systems were down and I lost money they accepted their systems were down but refused compensation. For the biggest crypto trading platform and worth over a billion dollars, its simply unacceptable customer service. Aaron

Let's just report it to ESMA. They are holding our money illegally to manipulate the markets. It's obvious now, I am waiting for more than a month already. Blockonomi is covering them, removing the truth. They are partners in crimeSo I now have a new Case ID #5708053 They moved me further back in the queue without any explanation.

Pretty much what the title says. CZ and his goons have turned this exchange into a washtrading capital, it's well documented and no one should be using them.

Took the money, didn't give the crypto.After the ball-ache to set up requiring several layers of verifying the same thing over and over I would say avoid as its trash

101514432. They blocked my withdrawal in September 2022. Then they msged every 2 days that I needed a patient and they needed more time other 48 hours. 6 months was already spent on contacting, talking with them. By laws they must provide a reason and exact time of waiting for resolution but they avoid to provide any exact information. Just wait wait wait wait. They act unlawful and absolutely against people who believed them. I have met a lot of people. I knew around 3000 cases similar with my case when people waited for a concrete answer months and months. I had a group in telegram where it's around 1300 people who experienced unlawful blocks of their funds, lies from support. There a lot of cases, I can describe them all: 1) if you use your right to disturb the support of Binance it will take longer and longer to resolve the solution 2) they did not react in any manner on your calls to support the laws 3) they act intolerance to some nations and group of people 4) they are absolutely incompetence to answer your questions if they are not about common places described in FAQ 5) they always lie you about timing. They said me just on Friday that it will be resolved in 48 hours and I should wait patiently. Then they said on Monday in 60 hours after previous 48 hours period named that they need exactly 10 hours to resolve it, what do you think? In 6 hours they said that they need other 24 hours. I was very angry, because they have already misinformed me a lot of time during 6 months. And after my request to provide me with exact reason of block and time for resolution they refused to name exact period of time needed. Then they go far  and suspend me in the support chat. They fully ignored all my lawful requests and fully ignored that I have a right to be provided the correct and exact timing of review and resolution of my withdrawal block. It's really unacceptable manner of doing business in financial markets. They do absolutely what they want and ignore any lawful requests from clients. I collected a lot of stories from different people. It's a common case not only my situation that Binance support specially consistently misinform their clients on reasons of block and timing or reviews and they really use intolerance practices against some nations and group of people.It was a story published not so far in internet about Binance blocked already around 20% of account investigating wash mechanics. Do you believe that 20% of users? Millions of people can be involved in wash money laundering and other criminal manipulations? I don't believe. That's all just a circus to hide the big holes in the Binance balance. I think they have lost around 10-15 bln dollars of clients money. That's why they try to make everything that people can not find it as long as possible.

I have been using binance for few months now and this is the first time anything of this has happened.I am highly upset and annoyed as my account shows zero balance. I cant recall any order open in future account and therefore no notification was recieved on my phone as well regarding it. And now when I check my binance account it shows zero balance. Order history shows ada liquidation which is very shocking as firstly  I didnt recall opening any order for ada, secondly there was no alert or notification send which they normally do to notify the customer. I will also be emailing yours seniors/head and complaining about it on social media as well as Twitter as this is fraud and need to stop.I therefore, request you to investigate and return my hard earn money as soon as possible.

I have made 4 BTC deposits into Binance since Dec 2020. Since yesterday it shows that I have 0 BTC in my Binance wallet.

Account blocked without notice or reason.  I first had to sign a toggle contract with Binance Germany GmbH & Co KG before I had access to my money again.  Outrageous, compulsory changes to the terms and conditions.  It is better not to open an account with Binance, these are mafia bankers.

I don't know why people write negative reviews about Binance on trustpilot while there are positive reviews for scammers like excaage , I am amazed!Trustpilot has lost its trust and most people won't trust anymore.

Been trying to contact Binance by phone in UK or other can anyone help?

Tried to withdraw money using SEPA, but 2 weeks passed and nothing arrived on my account. Support sends me to Appeal, but all my appeals are rejected with words "payment done, contact support". No receipt, no nothing. Don't use binance, you can loose your money.

Be aware that if you don’t have a visa card and if your bank does not use sepa transfer YOU CAN NOT WITHDRAW DIRECTLY THE FUNDS IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.

Horrible. Their support doesn’t respond, the site is insanely confusing, and it’s bad. I lost so much money because they locked my account for no reason and the support is garbage.

It’s good platform yet very poor customer service . Not very easy to use and poor support to none support. If you are new suggest to use other means to trade but not with binance

They have the worst support ever!!! Every single time I mail them they answer with the exact same standard mail!!! Support is NON EXISTING! If something goes wrong you are totally on your own!!I tried to change my name to make it match my credit card two months ago. Only their support can do this. I still get the same stupid standard mail talking about fraud. They won't help so I won't buy. Not ever!A company that hasn't realized the value of customer support AT ALL is bound to fail. Trying to use Binance was a total waste of time!Luckily there are a ton of other sites out there.

Good service. Everything is clear. Binance Academy also is good materials to understand how Blockchain works.

Quite possibly THE worst website I've ever been on.  Over two hours trying to set up and I STILL don't know if I have an account.  And my iPhone app doesn't work either.  If you're trying to buy crypto find someplace else to do it because Binance sucks.

During the AWS issues during February, $600 usdt liquidated as I was trying to set SL and add fundsBecause I didn't screenshot or video record the failure as it happened they won't refund me.Seems the screwed alot of people on the 22nd February

Non responsive and cannot read EnglishNeed to sort out a verification issue with customer service. They take days to respond, and ignores all the context I have already given in my question, proceed to give solutions that are not working, and abandon the conversation pretending to have solved the problem when it has not been solved at all. This is the most ridiculous customer service I've encountered. The consequence is that I have a few hundered bucks stuck in their account that I cannot withdraw. I don't know if this incompetence is deliberate or not, but it is certainly extremely off putting

Deposit your money onto binance at your own risk. I deposited funds in Jan 21. Its April tomorrow and I still cannot access funds. It is impossible to get support. 2.5 months I've tried!! professional scammers. Edit 13/5: In latest chat where I threatened to start emailing binance employees directly because I was getting no help or response, they did answer and simply said funds unfrozen. No explanation, apology. 4 months of wasted time. Thieves

Binance.com are complicit in assisting sina.prodaz.com to steal £1240 from my bank account. Disgusting company and do not reply to any concerns!!!Contact Sharon Lester in Israel at Payback LTD to assist you in getting your money back from these Japanese/Chinese thieves.

For 2 weeks I'm trying to withdraw my balance, at start they didn't let me asked me to make a video and I did, the reply after uploading the video was that in 3 to 7 days it would be solve. then now on their chat they are totally ignoring me.I'm waiting for more than 10 working days now for small withdrawal. I would recommend you to keep your crypto in different company and not to trade with them.

i have been trading excellent service recommended for expert trader

DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. They are working in collaboration with Fineterto which is a total scam company.Together they have tricked my partner into giving them £44, 000 and even shown him the account open snd trading. BUT although it appeared secure when we opened the account to withdraw money THEY HAD ALLOWED ACCESS to Fineterro to take the money out of our account and have literally robbed all of the money it’s taken snd gone from our Binance account. IT IS DISGUSTING and FRAUDULENT And needs to be stopped. You will start with a small amount. Then Fineterro will tell you to add more, and more and more into the Binance account.Then when you want to get your money out, Fineterto will come out with all kind of made up excuses as to why Binance won’t release the money such as ‘we need you to pay in an extra £25k for capital gains tax to release your money.' 'You have made too much profit so you need to pay more money in to balance out the account.' They are a very sophisticated, network. AVOID at all costs. I have to say this is a very clever and coercive bunch of criminals.They have absolutely ruined my partner, both mentally and financially. A very cruel callous bunch of criminals.Our bank Barclays Bank have written to Binance and told them what fineterto are doing and how they are using Binance to Rob all these people- but Binance are not even replying to a UK bank fraud team!We have written snd tried to contact Binance and they just do not reply. Shame on you Binance. You are being played snd uses by these scammers to help them to ruin people’s lives.

terrible, dont solve anything and the support system just doesn't work properly

I had 15k+ stolen from my account, due to Bianance threatening to close my account then not responded to any of my emails or messages, waiting on the online chat at 900+ just for page to timeout. Do not call any of the phone numbers listed on this website, they are SCAMMERS exactly the type who stole my funds. Based in India, they pretend to be binance then very professionally take your personal information log into your account and transfer your coin. DO NOT CALL THEM! - TrustPilot is making it worse by not removing these fake reviews with scammer contact details on there.   Their customer support is non existent - I have tried various addresses and methods and absolutely no response! I just want to my remaining $300 back and close my account but 3 months into trying to get a response, still nothing! 15k+ GONE - Avoid Avoid Avoid Binance, stories all over the interest of terrible service, not being able to get money back and them going missing. It's a fraudulent Asian company! I wish I never open an account with them, its all fake company to pump money to its China based owers - Stay away!

really confusing app, hard to withdraw money Wouldnt recommend

Binance support number 1855-915-5087. It's free to support Cryptocurrency trading. Great customer services and quick to fix any issues. This is an amazing platform where to start your Crypto trading steps, Crypto guys for the great work that you do, keep up that!This is a very transparent platform that I trust very much and hopefully my life will change by using it.Fast and helpful customer support service

Scam company. Was stole 350k$, 11 hours passed, no any prompt answers from the support. Just "you can enjoy your day". How I can enjoy my day after 0.35m$ loses I do not know...

Be aware that there is an overflow of scam phishing messages on this page... 90% of all recent reviews, bad or good. Trustpilot is therefore useless to have an opinion on Binance. Sad.

I deposited to fund the binance account, never got the deposit. The chat customer service is crap! They want a video of me logging in to my wallet and show them the transaction! I want my money back you thieves!!!

User friendly and straightforward website on such a complicated thing as trading crypto. Low fees, tournaments and videos to help you learn more. Highly recommended.

different people is calling me to download andesk to help me get my monney to my accont they tell me i invested in bitcoin 3 years ago buut i was oled by a companny oon 1000 euro they recovered it tell me i have 35 000 euros dot belive it but whhy does tey call me every day and ant to let them log in..i must have some bitcoin i get messages to my phone 40 times a day that i have bitcoin i pushed for first time on this  messages came to a site where to invest iin bitcoin i asked support for help a man calles me ffrom binannce and wants the same...i never used binance or invested there my mail does not work to recover password froom....please can someone tell me whats going on how do i log n to myy account and why they keep calling me please im confused....

What do I like about Binance.com?At this point, nothing, since they locked my account for no wrongdoing of mine and customer "support" is doing zilch to assist me in accessing my money, causing me to have lost money on trades, etc.I've been going back and forth, mostly forth since I can't seem to get a response anymore, with customer service about what steps are available for me to take to have this suspension lifted so that I can withdraw my holdings and be done with this account?After being told several days ago that a "special agent" was being assigned to the ticket, the chat went silent and all of my subsequent responses have been ignored.Worst customer service ever and I would appreciate someone looking into ticket Case ID #4727834 as soon as possible instead of giving me the run around. This is the most ridiculously inconvenient, unnecessary, borderlne fraud/theft that I've ever ben made to encounter with a company holding my money. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT, send a dime of your money to this defunct exchange when Orion and other alternatives to buy all the same coins are available AND you might actually get a response frm customer service if something goes wrong. You have been warned.

I find this service and support, the lowest I have ever come across, if I could give - stars I would, I find lots of these trading platforms well below average for service support, and performance, on bull runs they shut down,and the prices they charge far too high for what you get..

WARNING!!! They STEAL your money and then ingnore your customer service requests. I bought 300 Euros worth of USDT and they never showed up in my Binance wallet. There is no trace of the coins. I then tried to reach out to customer service, there were over 2000 people waiting in the chat queue and I kept getting cut off. I left messages and then sent 3 emails with screen shots and everything - no reply. After about 3 weeks I got an automated email saying that they have stopped email support. I then kept trying live chat but they just let you wait all day and eventually you get cut off. This has cost me a lot of money, time and stress. I'm currently looking how to report this company to the financial regulator. If anyone has dealt with legal action against an exchange please let me know as that seems to be the only way at this stage.

worst platform ever! reply to my support ticket!!

I love this company! They're really great for fees on trade. I hope should be allowed sub-account featured on Binance VIP0 account. Overall they're perfect! Thanks

Dont really understand all the negative reviews..yes their customer service are pretty slow but the lost coins and high fees?? Well I haven't experienced any of these issues. Binance fees are way cheaper than most...ahem wirex, crypto.com. occasionally there's a delay when withdrawing fiat but most of the time it takes 5 mins...transferring(BNB)  to my metamask wallet costs next to nothing. Overall I'm really happy with the platform. I dont really buy or trade on binance anymore I just use it as way into different exchanges or withdrawing fiat. And it serves it purpose very well with low fees. I think people that are not happy with high fees and lost coins are newbies and or not doing it correctly..DOYR

Bought £30 of bitcoin and binance want to charge me almost £21 to send to my wallet, shameful

Got Ripped-off by the Total Scam outfit blockchain.com. This one, is at least a legitimate company. Kind of slow on the Speeds. But, I expect to get my money unlike blockchain.com. They are modestly better than Coinbase. Coinbase has the High-Fees in the way of Poor exchange rate. Think I'll Stay with this one, for a While.

This is the worst and most complicated cryptocurrency website.  Customer support is also poor.

I'm very positive about Binance! in the beginning it was a bit complicated but they supply you with a lot of tutorials to also understand the crypto world. so if you are a beginner, this would be a good place to start. also transactions go very fast. (almost instant to bank and Binance)

Binance claims on their website that it can help their customers recover lost crypto transactions. I deposited approx. BUSD 300 to my Binance wallet by transferring from another platform wallet and the money got missing. For over 33 days, I can't find the money in my Binance wallet.I reported the issue to their support who obviously have no phone numbers nor email for direct communication rather an automated chat and online forms. They asked me for all types of information including video recordings which I have submitted to them. Each time I demand the status of my retrieval request on chat, they will either close the chat or put me on hold for days and never return with any response.This company is fraudulent. BE WARY and BEWARE!!!

YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. YOUR P2P IS INFESTED WITH SCAMMERS AND JOY RESERVERS. YOU NEVER ACTIONED MY APPEALS, WHY THE HELL THE SELLERS ARE AT A VERY MUCH DISADVANTAGE WE CANNOT CONTACT THESE PEOPLE WHO WANTS TO BUY AND WOULD NOT PAY!!!!

WHY DOES THE DEPOSIT NOT CREDIT IN THE ACCOUNT? cade o credito em conta do deposito que saiu da minha conta no brazil

Hi all, I'm not the kind of person to downgrade a company, I would rather just not say anything, buttt a big buttttttt I have to say I have been with Binance for the past 2.5 - 3 years... Customer support never took longer than 3-7mins for the first 1 and a half year, yesterday I waited 3.5 hours and no help so i shut down and cancel, day before i waited 6 hours but no help so once again just log out, 2 weeks ago i waited 4 hours and no help, today the same story. This is all for the exact same question. adds up to +/- 12 hours waiting time just for a support agent to speak with me just to answer 1 single question. My opinion : This is unacceptable for the rank Binance is at the momentSorry Binance (use to be my fafourite) you dont deserve all the buassiness thats coming to you.... You obviously cant handle the volume( so you never know if it might be channeled in another direction if you dont pick up your socks very very verrrry quick . It use to be a good  exchange in my opinion or it use to be but I'm already withdrawing and canceling  my own and client's contracts/wallets with them because there are no one to speak to with issues i have, their small customer support team cant handle 20 % of the queries they get, Binance is not a cheap trading exchange to trade on in compare with others out there, but their customer service is non existent. I would like to hear some other opinions before this go viral on what bad service they give. Dont get me wrong, Binance is all I know and learned through the years and I was treated like a 1st class client but that ended about 1 year ago. They use to be ok but now in my opinion, don't waste your time with them especially if you in need of customer support, because that's non existent unless you want to try and explain to a robot your problem that has no idea whats the question..... LOLOLOL. I hope Binance see this post because i have been emailing them,sent messages and no responce....Please Binance, come to the party and just answer my question i been mailing you about....by the way to everyone that read this post,  KRAKEN,BYBIT,PHEMEX  HAS EXELENT SUPPORT JUST SO YOU KNOW. I DONT TRADE ON THEM I JUST USE BINANCE BUT I THINK IM GETTING CONVINCED TO MOVE.... WELL IM ALREADY MOVING SOME CRYPTO TO THESE EXCHANGES BECAUSE OF SOME CLIEN/INVESTOR  PREFERENCE  THAT IS NOT HAPPY WITH BINANCE NO MORE.Binance I love you guys, or well i use to and still all my funds are with you ,well for now it is,but get your customer support up to date, your trading charges are expensive.... So im sure the problem isn't money to get the support center in order,let's  continue the journey and all make money !!!!! Whoooohoooo!!!!This is only TRUST PILOT and I like to help people around the globe not to be fooled with anything, I have a good friend you guys, his name is PETER,I had a word with him about this and his answer was not very positive, So please all lets help Binance in the best positive way we can!!!!!    And lets see otherwise please feel free to share this mail with my friend again and go and say HELLO PETER...

Very poor customer support, they do not respond to inquiries; about why money does not come into the account, steer clear and use Kraken.com which has fantastic customer service!

Scam site with High fees. Security token. Will get wrecked by FCC in future.

Do not trust Binance with your money!I deposited some money into my (previously verified) Binance account that I had not used for a while so I could purchase some crypto.  They took my money just fine, then when I tried to transfer the crypto to another wallet I simply get a 'Security Risk' message with no further explanation.Multiple support requests have remained unanswered and I have no way to access my money.  It would appear that basically Binance have taken my money from me with no intention of allowing me to get it back.Do not trust this platform.

I use Binance, BUT:Awful customer ,,support''. Still waiting for a response... On the app, when i transfered an amount of USDT from the spot account to the isolated margin account, the funds suddenly disappeared...were not on the spot and not on the isolated margin account...Furthermore, the 7d PnL of my isolated margin account shows wrong numbers.It is not even possible to view the PNL for any time range for any isolated margin pair (BNB/USDT etc.) on the app...

They did not accept somehow that I to refund for their system errors I proved to the team which occurred network freezes during my open trading positions, because of these I lost the control and caused to loss on my balance, and another thing is mark price does not changes long while to get the profit but when it goes to loss it's flying somewhat, they trick with these to steal from us, wake up everyone, now report them to official GOV authorities also

i har stjålet 491 kr jeg skal havde dem tilbage med det samme eller i bliver taget i retten.binance have stole 491kr even though i wasn't over the buy limit i want my funds back right now !

They take your money but you get nothing in return..Customer Support waiting times claimed about to be an hour, been waiting almost 24 hrs now without any reply.Stay away from this website, theres is ton of better ones for your krypto like coinbase, kraken ETCfees seem to be higher on binance aswell.

I have opened an account recently with Binance. So many phone calls started to come on my mobile from different numbers and countries. meantime I opened an account with another company then I change my mind not to go ahead with Binance and I ask a refund of the money. Then they verified my bank details and scanned my bank cards as well. Then second someone called me to refund the money but the different number and different person. one lady ask me your balance is too high with other's accounts, it's a risk to lose money, she told me that she will help to draw money. she also told me that your fanancail adviser has got COVID-19 test positive and he is not in the office. I send an email to my advisor ask about his health, he told me that he is in office and he has no problems. He told that do not to give your bank details to that company, they are scamming the public. I have noticed when you refused to give them bank details then they speak rudely and harsh. They did not refund the money yet.

Binance is the worst online company I've ever had to deal with.After my account was verified (advanced verification), and I deposited the money and bought the crypto, they suspended my account due to "internal risk verification".I offered to provide any documentation they needed in order to prove I'm legitimate. They did not take me up on this offer and they also sold all of the crypto which I bought when the market was low, resulting in a 17% loss. They initially blamed it on the API usage, then when they realized I hadn't set up the API for my account, they blamed the app on my PC.STAY AWAY FROM THESE SCAMMERS!

This is not binance. It’s a fake company posing as binance. They scammed me for tons of cash. Please go through binance online support as this is not the real binance.

Hi,I just read some of the comments here for Binance.I am a legit person in Europe. Binance is definitely a legit company. The customer service is meanwhile really slow, that's true. I have an open case too, where from my Metamask someone stole a lot of funds and that person is using Binance. The police and I need Binance's cooperation. That person (or more persons) are using lots of different eth addresses and all sorts of exchanges. This has been going on for years, as seen in etherscan. I have not heard from them yet and wait ... but, I have been using Binance (the true website) for many years and never there happened anything illegal or scammy. Be aware of the heaps of fake-scammers, phishing sites and apps in the internet that are also commenting down below! It's ridiculous. They steal your money and disappear. Trustpilot, stop them! Binance, pls. contact me urgently. Thx.

I am very new to investing into crypto (7 days) and binance has been relatively easy to use. It looks like a confusing matrix at first, but I've learnt the plethora of information all these charts and numbers can give you. Honestly I was cautious when depostiting money and was rather confused as there are a few methods of depostiting/exchanging either directly into crypto's or into wallets. Wallets and exchanges are seperate platforms, exchanges can hold multiple crypto's and currancys like a wallet, but do your own research and hold your assets where you see fit. If you do want to deposit money to invest, I have found depositing fiat into my wallet (looking into binances 'faster payments' now for 0% deposit fee) and purchacing BNB then trading that coin for the assets I see fit.Hope this helps some of you, all these harsh reviews on here look like shitposts btw... Don't forget, DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH.

5 weeks, still waitting to complete the joining process. No contact from customer service. Absolute joke of an exchange.

Absolutely the worst platform for crypto, customer service is unacceptable. Have contacted many times and no one ever gets back to you. I cannot withdraw my money but yet I’ve been able to deposit multiple times, Avoid at all costs.

Very disappointed. Cannot verify my account. Uploading good quality documents did not work. After contacting the customer support I have been asked to upload a video with my ID. The video was supposed to be verified between 3 to 7 days. Over 2 weeks later I am still waiting. The market doesn't wait tho.

The P2P payment set up (depositing money directly from a bank) is a complete farce. I tried 10 times to upload my perfectly scanned passport and photo and each time got rejected. In the end I gave up. They obviously prefer you to deposit money via credit or debit card so they can charge a higher transfer fee. I think I will stick with Bitpanda - a lot simpler!

Binance is not a scam. This is a cryptobourse where your money can actually be lost if invested poorly.  Binance is legitimate!

Binance is not a scam. It is a crypto exchange where your money can indeed be lost if invested badly. I have deposited my money to binance and withdrawn it successfully on many occasions. I am in the UK. Binance is legit!

Same issue with the rest of the zero and negative 1 reviews here. I have been with Binance for 3 years and withdrawing my money for the first time is a total pain - I actually have not withdrawn anything yet, they blocked the withdrawal function despite my identity and account security verified by them. I have over $20000 I wanted out from my account. Customer service chat is pointless- they are dumb and stupid and seems to be from an East Asian country. I would recommend Binance to the people I truly hate.

Quality place for crypto trading far better than coinbase because they don’t take half your funds for fees. Absolute tons off cryptos to choose from (even Dogecoin).You honestly cannot go wrong with Binance. Email support was perfect for me got fast reply’s and very informative. I am also 99% sure that all bad reviews on here are underage and lost their money from their own bad decisions. But in conclusion if you want to trade cryptos or fed up with your current broker this website is the one without a doubt.

Just when I thought Binance support couldn't get worse, it has, now they are sending out email responses telling you NOT to email them but use the chat URL, but just tested it, it's an AI Bot they are lying. This is the email message:"Please kindly visit the following link to get a prompt response: binance.com-en-chat. A kind reminder that please do not send a direct email to Binance, thank you".At this rate they don't deserve any account holders.No wonder they haven't responded to negative reviews for over a year, "they don't care" theonly thing they understand is your money, so, close your accounts.

I've been using Binance for past few months and everything works perfectly. I've processed 3 crypto withdrawals... XRP and LTC and all completed very quickly.. just a few minutes (XRP) and 20mins (LTC). Thank you Binance. Good job!

Case ID #4583507I made a 5.000 euro deposit on the 15th and the money should arrive instantly, and it did. However for an unknown reason Binance has frozen my funds and not credited to my account balance. They asked for document which I sent and now they say it will be up to few days to review a simple pdf which proves it is my money. Very bad start. Especially when you want to quickly buy btc and you get delayed 4 days and no reason was given. That's the worst part. NO REASON!!!Fix it Binance and stop with the stupid excuses of high demand, you are processing btc deposits fast but anything else and you start the sentence with "due to high demand/volume". Stop with the excuses and get me my money. Case ID #4583507

Waited months for account verification. Finally received a reply... "Account Reactivation Failed	Your request to unlock your account has been declined for the following reason(s): Your application has expired, please re-submit."If this is how responsive they are to opening an account, I certainly wouldn't trust a single penny with them.

Mixed experience.Using Binance over 3 years. Up until last year, i had no issues with depositing, trading and withdrawing my fund. Binance was the only exchange i used for Crypto - crypto trading and even recommended to 10s of people. Things went south once i tried to withdraw immediately after changing the password. They have locked withdrawals in my account for the past 6 months. The details to unlock was not clear. So i tried completing multiple levels of ID verification. Nothing happened. It is understandable that the volume of customers is too high in the past 4 months but locked from withdrawing own funds for no reason is really frustrating. 5 weeks ago, i was told to upload a video with name, transaction, etc... I upload it right away from all the details they have asked. Initially they told it will be resolved in 200+ hours(count down was displayed with the message). But they didn't unlock it yet. It has been 20 days from their date of resolution itself. Everytime i contact their customer service, they respond saying "We are escalating your issue. The senior team will contact you". But nothing happens after that. Funds locked in exchange is such a frustrating thing to deal with. I would have given a 5 star review due to their exceptional user-friendly exchange and a good variety of coin listings. This one issue voided all the good experiences i had in the past 3 years. i Wish they resolve it soon and let me access my funds.

apalling customer service. The trading platform is good and dont really get much issues but customer support is shocking. They provide you with a case id when you open the chat and from there you never hear anything from them. They deducted GBP 2000 from my bank account on an expired quote. No one seems to be responding or no emails from help desk system back. Heard other horror stories with clients waiting a month for nay sort of reply. Posted on their twitter page also sent the no of reminders on the platform but seems like chatting to a wall

Do not trust binance,scammers from China manipulating numbers and figures and it is run like a casino with promotions that never exist.Lost lots of money and I know how they stealing people's money by showing wrong figures and manipulations of price when buying and selling your crypto currency,Suddenly dropping price when you selling and price jump when buying at the exact moment.Also to make you aware of their lies as advertise on binance website no fee deposit for pay I'd and referal fee when you get someone to sign up and deposit with your referral link, Well I have been charged everytime deposit made through pay I'd and have never received any referal fee as promised.So go ahead and use this website if you want to loss your investment, it's my duty to worn everyone about this scammers who operate through China and only care for getting richer by stealing money from customers specifically Australian.

I actually enjoy the website. But the customer service absolutely ruins it for me. There is a lot going on on the website and anytime I have a question I spend hours looking for an answer on the web because I know it'll take me longer to get a customer service rep. They take between 7 and 11h to reply - that is if the internet connection doesn't fail or if they don't disconnect for no reason. And they NEVER have an answer, EVER. Now it reached the point that they don't even answer anymore. They make a lot of money on our backs and we as customers deserve better. I'm still waiting to know where my money has gone and I'm not sure I'll ever know.

0 star customer service. Waiting for a week until someone will contact me was left without money I believe binance don't even want to reply and refund my money back to my account. My bank policy changed and bank didn't accept my withdrawal from binance then contacted with binance first days they answered my messages I've send all required documents from bank to proof that they have made refund to original payment method and  binance customer service told me that they will transfer this case to senior agent and now I'm stuck waiting ages no answers no money happy days thank you binance best customer service i ever see in my lifetime.

This exchange is not to be trusted.  I am a fully verified "VIP" account holder and I cannot add or withdraw funds anymore.  Customer service has closed down all my chat requests saying they are too busy.  Do not hold anything on this exchange that you are not prepared to lose.

After reading the reviews here I was quite frankly scared to give Binance a shot. It seemed okay on YouTube from what I'd heard so I didn't understand why the reviews are so bad on trust pilot. Having used Binance for one month now, I've had no problems, have invested in BTC and ETH easily and have also learnt a lot about crypto. The platform seems daunting at first but I'm getting more comfortable with it.

Dear crypto fun, I try to keep shortWorth company you can ever imagine!Fraud, skimming and no support Read all other comments and hold fingers away!

Veramente un ottimo exchange!Lo uso da molto tempo e lo reputo altamente affidabile e facile da usare grazie a Binance Lite che offre un interfaccia semplificata e intuitiva. L'azienda offre una vasta scelta di coppie di monete ed una velocità nelle transazioni imbattibile.Veramente da consigliareReally a great exchange!I have been using it for a long time and I find it highly reliable and easy to use thanks to Binance Lite which offers a simplified and intuitive interface. The company offers a large selection of coin pairs and unbeatable transaction speed.Really to recommend

Worst cryptocurrency exchange trading with them for 2 years come to take fiat of the exchange cant do it contacted support replied "Our team does a check on all accounts, and they have determined that, unfortunately, your account only qualifies for P2P trading" and P2P trading you cannot remove your fiat just buy cryptocurrency so no remedy to help you solve the problem our explain to you what the problem is stopping you from withdrawing and customers services final answer "Our channels are not transparent about these things so please bear with us since we don't know the reason as well. What we do know is that once they've made a decision, then it is final."

Safest and easiest cyrto trading platform out there.QUICK AND EASY TO SET UP.

Best exchange for buying / selling cryptocurrencies, which provides lowest fees from all exchanges. Company is much trustworthy. You can buy, sell, stake, liquid swap, farm your cryptos. Big advantage is the debit card with cashback 1-8% based on how many BNB you hold.

One of the worst crypto-exchanges out there, as i miner i would never use this website, and the reason why im here is because i had to go there to get rid of my firo, still working on transferring the firo to eth, 2 days later...Why on earth are people using that website when there are much better options out there.

To test the platform I just put 15 euros inside and discovered that:- to widthdraw btc to another wallet there is a ~25 euro fee, which is a scam basically.- to sell bitcoins you must have at least ~100euro. So to get my money back I should put ~85 euro more. This is a very common technique of scam websites and the fact that they are using it gives me weird vibes. I guess my 15 euros gonna stay there forever.

Binance.com - One of the best exchanges out there for trading and investing in cryptocurrencies.During my 5 years of trading crypto i have opened accounts on at least 15 different exchanges, but have almost exclusively used Binance.com the last years.Positive:- Low trading fees. Binance operates with a flat 0,1% fee for buying and selling. If you use the local Binance coin (BNB) the fee will be lowered to 0,075%. If you on top of this use a referral ID when signing up you can subtract another 10%.- High coin selection: On Binance you can choose from over 150 different coins, which is very good. It offers all the big names such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, ADA Cardano, Polkadot, Litecoin and plenty more. For - Staking: You can stake several different crypto on the binance platform itself which is really convenient if you dont want to transfer back and forth from your wallet. (You should still use wallets for your big investments for safety).- Plenty of tools for trading for the more experienced tradersGood luck and happy trading

Worst support ever encountered in the web. Representatives are either completely ignorant or plain stupid. They can't understand a simple issue i have elaborately explained over 20 times 2 months now, and i dont even need to mention about solving it. Everyone proposes irrelevant actions as solutions just to mark the case as solved and move on. Tech team or tier 2 support or relevant branch of next level support is non existent even though every representative refers to "it"Terrible

BINANCE HAS POOR SUPPORT AND I THINK ALL THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE ARE DEAD, NO ONE ASSISTING WHEN WAITING FOR FEW DAYS. REALLY PISSED ME OFF.

They support is really bad. If you refer an issue they say they have all discretion to stop you trading, buy coins with no reason. They don't answer in support tickets.You need to avoid engaging with this company...

This is a genuine review ( unlike some of the strange rants here):1) App doesn't send email security code so have to use phone number.2) Binance charge you both commission (2%) on your debit card transaction when buying crypto plus about 20% extra than the current value of the coin. They openly tell you about the 2% fee but hide the fact that they're charging you the 20%.For example, Binance's own app is showing the current value of bitcoin at £42k but they are charging you £43k per bitcoin to buy.I'm not very impressed with the app or Binance.  But, apparently it's the only place to buy Dogecoin in the UKEdit: I've just dropped my rating down to 1 star (from 2 stars) because I've just noticed that when i bought BTC, Binance have rounded down my BTC to 6 decimal places. There was an 8 in the 7th decimal place, so all things being even, Binance should have round it up. These guys try to cheat every last penny out of you. I was surprised that they could get away with it in the UK but now I've noticed that they're Taiwan based and just accept GBP. Personally, I wouldn't waste my time with these people. There's lots of complaints about them online and their business practices do appear to be underhanded, greedy and unfair.

Binance is super bad. Cluttered platform and app. Have tried several times to buy something other than BTC but can't. And this has cost me a lot of money.I have sent the helpdesk 100 emails and still have not received a response. I did receive a standard email, but I can't do anything with it. Definitely not recommended. Extremely bad and inefficient platform!There are undoubtedly better platforms than Binance such as Bitvavo. Bitvavo responds quickly and has Dutch customer service.

The worst service ever .simply they never answer .

very very bad service , their system decide to lock me out and the customer service says they cannot sort it as system have some rights and i would not be able to use their services

The people who made the Binance user interface should get questioned by a mental asylum

Terrible company  I've asked to cancel my account and for them to delete everything on my account ,I never want to deal with this terrible company again customer care is a joke ,you keep repeating yourself over and over  also a lot of scammers on this site I lost money could never get it back . don't bother with binance .or you will loose money.!! Be WARNED!!

Maybe a good company for crypto trading - there is no problem I can say. But a very big problem is with Binance card. This stuff usually does not work although there is enough balance on that card and card has green status. Support chat is answering nothing - no response. So I created a ticket and waiting for the solution.edit: there is still no answer from the Binance CS. Card is unusable although there is enough funds and card is in green status active.Primary I registered here to use VISA card as a solution for paying with crypto but it fails almost everytime. Is not able to handle ordinary small everyday payments. There is still a need to have another card issued by the trustworthy company (eg normal bank).Fortunately, so far I have used the card with only a small balance and for small payments. Only after this test did I plan to use it for direct payments with conversion from my crypto assets.I'm disappointed about it.edit: so still no answer from support and card is completely failed. Nothing is working, pay in local stores (chip and contactless) nor ATM. ATM reports that card is rejected by the issuer. Binance still reports green status as ACTIVE. I have really no idea what is wrong, I used this card in small bakery and at the petrol station - there payments were OK. After that card is broken. So I took all balances out of Binance as I can see that this project is probably not OK and has zero support.edit: so after another week still no answer. There is absolutely no live support!edit2: thanks for reaction, but my account is not verified again and I do not know why, and my card is terminated. So there is no way how to fully use binance for me.

Binance pure 100%  fraud because i have placed future order with stop loss and take profit with high rage and it  meet to take profit point but still not in the range of stop loss but it hits to stop loss i can show 100% percent legit screenshot.This is 100% scam

In general it's fine to use it, lots of coins to choose from but you have to be ready to pass the KYC otherwise you may not be able to withdraw.

I’m glad they have a solid reputation, because looking at the reviews would have put me off otherwise. A lot of the reviews seem to be scammers trying to get you to go to their link or offering ‘help’ - hopefully no one is falling for that. I’ve never had to contact customer service, which might be why my impression of them is only positive, but they did email all customers apologising for how slow it has been recently due to the massive increase in customers. Hopefully, the customer service will also scale up with the business. Overall, the trades have all gone through really quickly, including withdrawals, the fees are very low compared to other exchanges and there are loads of options. I’ll definitely continue using.

Been using Binance for a few months now. It's a good trading platform and has loads of features.However, I noticed last month that several transactions were seemingly missing from my orders/transactions history.I raised it with them, they initially escalated it to a support ticket. They then went silent for about 3 weeks, until they got rid of their entire ticketing system and asked me to go back to chat support.My experience with chat support has been one where they repeatedly ask me questions, don't give me more than 1 minute to reply and close the case as "solved". I then reopen the case, we do the whole "what is your account email" for the 20th time, and repeat.They've also on 3 occasions now told me that the problem I'm having isn't actually happening, without clarifying what they mean, and they normally just close the case as solved again. This is rather funny because I'm telling them I have missing transaction history, and they reply with "we can't see you making any trades that day"... I wonder why!After well over a month, someone managed to give me some sort of semi-satisfactory answer as to what had happened.They come across as a cowboy run exchange, where they're happy to take your money, but offer no actual support in exchange for the fees they charge; if you deal with Binance, just be aware it's 1-way transaction.

Binance doesn't take care of their customers at all!Customer service is so slow, I was waiting in queue 5 days.Also my case didn't get solved basically they just avoided to explain me what caused the issue and closed the chat!

There's a lot of bad fake reviews on here advertising emails and such but the low rating is still 100% justified. The customer service is awful. I've been having a problem getting into my account for a week and constantly explaining my problem to the cs team and still no where closer to having it solved. It seems none of them actually know what they are doing. The awful AI robot seems to understand more. When in conversation with them via the livechat,  they offer no help and then leave the conversation, marking the issue as solved. Very disappointed with the service. I would take my money out if it was even possible. I feel like what ever money is in my account is a lost cause.

My withdrawal function was blocked more than 2 weeks ago and I am stuck in a stupid chat conversation. I uploaded everything that was wanted already but now they just want everything again and nobody tells me why my account was locked in the first place.This is ridiculous.

Avoid avoid avoid I wish I looked at the reviews before I put money in this I mean it was only £50 but that’s still a lot! They won’t even let me verify my ID but let me put my card details in. So now I don’t know what will happen and I’ve just starting investing so this is making me think maybe not the way. Won’t give me my refund back. Really annoyed.

The NO:1 place to trade cryptos. They have low fees and very transparent and well established.

WARNING WARNING WARNING !!!!DO NOT PUT "LIMIT ORDERS" ON BINANACE !! They will take it for themselves. They do not record proof that you made this order.The minute you turn away it will go missing. Support will claim they can not see it the transactions, that is because they do not record pre-transaction activity. So there is no proof you did this and they will not assist you.!!!!   DO NOT PUT LIMIT ORDERS ON BINANCE  !!!! I lost $1650 USDT on the 4th March 2021 on a limit order for Polygon (MATIC). It just disappeared. Binance are holding no responsibility.

Fast transaction and all ways great volume on my favorite cryptos

I've been using Binance for few months up until about a month ago that my phone got damaged and I couldn't access my account on the new phone because I had Google authenticator enabled on my old phone and couldn't receive the code so I went to their website and I was forced to do face identification in order for Binance to give me access one I've been verified! Two weeks pasts but I didn't hear from them so I logged a support request via thier chat platform and after 4 days I got a message from their support pointing me to a URL to reset my Google authenticator where I had to first login to my account. So back to square one my issue was that I couldn't login at all to reset my google authentication. I replied to their support again that the link is useless and they didn't reas my request properly. Four days gone now and Im still waiting to hear from them to help me access my account. Soon I access my account I'll move away from Binance. Their support is nonexistent. Useless and uneducated to understand the basic requets.Avoid Binance at all costs and use other platforms which are much easier to use. Binance collects whole lot of information about you and in my view any private organisation that collects this much information about their clients can't be trusted!

they have worst customer service ever,no ticketing system to open a ticket for your problemchat will never reply you ,i spent more than 24 hours waiting for someone on chat to reply me cz of a problem in their system related to my account

unreliablecannot withdrawblocked transactions, withdrawals during peak timesrejectionno supportignoringnetwork busy

Binance is a scam I have tried 76 times to do facial recognition unable to trade withdraw Zero communication no phone number no customer support and they have my money Any suggestions Legal action

The customer service is a legit SCAM. A big lawsuit is starting over them as they are refusing give customer service.Recently they have made customers to lose about 1 month of waiting in a queque system that is no longer active.OFFICIAL EMAIL FROM BINNANCE:"Dear user,Greetings from Binance Customer Support.In order to provide more efficient customer support, we have switched our service channel to live chat lately and closed the tickets. You can always find the answers to your questions from our FAQ page: "link not allowed in trustpilot"If your problem still persists, you can reach out to us on chat at: "link not allowed in trustpilot"We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused. Thank you for your continued patronage and support.Binance Support TeamDo not reply to this email."A large group of customer are starting a large LAWSUIT against them as they are violating legal user terms.

Best company low fees... much money .You can get your card too .

Be very careful with this company. I tried to buy Crypto assets through them and it’s been an absolute nightmare. My transaction is still classed as processing after a week. I have tried to contact them dozens of times but their customer support is next to useless. At one time I was 4658 in a queue. Still trying to get my money back.

If you have any problem you are in trouble. I try to deposit money on Binance and start with 1000Eur.I enter all the data I get from Binance into the bank account (copy/paste). In their rules stands that transfer can take up to 4 working days.I wait for 10+ days, I contact them several times and leave tickets ... nobody answer, you can not contact anybody... there is no way.. just a chat robot where you write messages and nobody answers.After around 12 days, I get back 950Eur to my bank account. No explanation, nothing.. just use my money for two weeks, and take me 50Eur (fee was free).So I pay transfer 15Eur to my bank, and they take me 50 Eur... + all the frustrations regarding the "support" :(

I'm sick of people trying to advertise for business in the reviews section .it gives an unclear representation of people's experience with them. Please stop spamming . If the review says this or that person on WhatsApp helped them get there money back They are scammers beware .

To avoid are the worst in the world, they will only waste your time. I signed up and tried to verify, but they always refuse the documents, I have tried for hours but always refused. They say documents that are not legible even if they are perfectly clear and precise, to avoid bad.

Worst company ever! I have already spent hours on live chat and after waiting hours to get through to someone they told me they didn't know the answer to my question and they said they had forwarded my question to the ticketing dept for them to reply to. Live chat is useless - I have had to wait 4-8 hours in a queue just to speak to someone and when I finally get through the person I speak to knows nothing and can't answer my question, so they then put me in another queue to speak to a "senior advisor", who I also have to wait hours to speak to, and then when I finally get through to them, they know nothing either and they told me they had forwarded my question to  ticketing dept, for them to answer, and now binance say they have closed down all tickets so my questions will never be answered.Binance has the worst customer service of ANY company I have EVER experienced in my whole life. I am in the UK and most of the companies in the UK have appalling customer service, but it's unusual for an American company to also have bad customer service. I am seriously thinking of leaving Binance and forwarding my money and business elsewhere, to a company which can invest in customer service. I am sure other people will do the same and so they will lose many customers and money by not investing in customer service and their company will then go bust. A false economy they will regret.

So i have hundreds of thousands of dollars in cryoto currency on my binance account and my Galaxy s7 breaks losing my google 2fa. Simple issue really but trying to get this resolved is like pulling teeth. They simply wont respond via email to several accounts and when i try to follow the process outlined on their website it goes to error every time. It seems as though they are legitimately trying to ignore me to steal my funds. I am 100% convinced after no response from 50 emails to various accounts that there is purposeful and intentional theft of my money. Be warned this is 100% a scam and theft operation

Watch out for this organisation. after waiting 3 weeks for a reply from their service department I get this - Dear user,Greetings from Binance Customer Support.In order to provide more efficient customer support, we have switched our service channel to live chat lately and closed the tickets. You can always find the answers to your questions from our FAQ page: If your problem still persists, you can reach out to us on chat at:chat linkWe sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused. Thank you for your continued patronage and support.Binance Support TeamDo not reply to this email.This email is a service from Binance. Delivered by Zendesk

Binance is a scam.I wasn't given an option to withdrawing fiat to my bank account. I was forced to use P2P which is full of scammers. The customer service is very bad. I was left waiting for weeks to have my message not even read properly and had my case dealt with insufficiently. I have switched to other exchange with no issues. You should better stay away.

This application is very unreliable and when it comes to support it is none existent. Beware of this company as all their technology is focused on taking your money and not giving support when needed.

No customer support, they've blocked withdrawals and 11 working days after submitting everything for ticket (8139736), there's been no reply, unbelievably bad. Rather choose another exchange

As far as it goes, the best exchange I have used. In times of volatility their servers have been lag free. Fast deposit and withdrawals also

Binance used to be a good exchange. Lately the customer support experience is shocking.1. they recently did upgrades to spot markets IT changes on 5/3/2021 and then I found that i had a whole list of open trades that could no longer be cancelled once the stystem returned from maintenance. This persisted for 2 days+ and during this time I could not reach Binance in any way.Imagine having a list of open buy and sell orders you lost control of thanks to Binance upgrade IT mistakes!The binance live chat support put me at number 3040 and then after waiting 6hrs I was at 3700 how does that happen?Anyway finally they sent me an email saying binance support will assist me by responding to the link they sent me - but that I had 10 min to respond to the link upon receiving the email. Note I got the email sometime in middle of night so of course i wouldnt be able to respond -- and this was after more than 2 days of waiting for a response.This is not a service worth to continue with. I had used Binance for 4 years and traded A LOT on this exchange. I am moving to FTX where perhaps I will find better service.bye Binance.

Binance is the worst. If you need help with a problem regarding a withdraw they will never answer you. Coinbase is better than Binance, that's not saying much.

Support is garbage i scammed in p2p of binance they opened a ticket for me and they closed ticket without saying to me my money is gone ,Do Not Use Binance ,Never Ever ,for the sake of your money do not use binance, support is garbage.

They are holding my coins for over 3 months, i try to withdraw and they ask for id verification, i sent them everything and now they dont reply to my emails, i lost money because of the bitcoin dip i cant even trade, they sent an email asking me to use their chat instead of email since they cant answer using emails,i go to their chat and i see 12000 users waiting, this is ridiculous, DONT USE BINANCE, a big name with 0 service

One of the best exchange in the world.

Customer service is literally 0. I got scammed and lost 4500, I just got automated messages time and time again. You have to wait 24 hours for a reply and then it’s automated. Crypto deffo needs legislation, don’t use binance, use coinbase.

Awful company. They took a 100k deposit and refuses to return it after closing an account down. It's been a year now and they still have it! Having to pursue legal action at this point. Avoid these crooks like the plague.

Poor or no support. My deposit went missing and a month later still nothing from support on my ticket.

Guys don’t fall in this trap . I was silly to get into Crypto currency with Digital currency Market where I had to put 200 eur as deposit( telling me I can get them back any time ) the funds grew in 1 month to 900eur . I was happy ! Then I got a call from the broker to register myself onto BINANCE and she asked me to deposit in another few hundreds to have an activity but I will get it immediately back ( weird no ?!).. thanks to God I didn’t deposited any extra .When I asked how I can withdraw my 900 eur guess what .... BINANCE says “ you need to deposit 90% of your funds in order to withdraw your 900eur ... “Once you deposit 800eur (90%of 900) you will then in 2 hrs be able to withdraw 1700 !!!!!” Can you imagine ... of course I didn’t deposit any 800 and gave up to my 200 eur investment . Glad I ended up loosing only 200 . BE AWARE ARE THIEVES!  This is not fair trading ...is a scam !!!!

Their trading tools are in accurate so that they can scalp money from people! I noticed that bitcoin was priced at $500 more than other exchanges then when I entered with bitcoin and bought DOT It went down immediately. When it came back to the same price as before and actually above the price that I bought them at I was $25 down!? How the hell can that happen!? If something goes down and comes back to the original price it can’t be less than what it was!? Watch out for this company, they have been doing this for many years and making billions! I thought over the years they would have cleaned up their act because they want to be trusted but they don’t care for you they want as much money as possible. Watch out for what you pay for on this site because you will be screwed royally!

Worst customer support experience ever. After I tried to withdraw my money from Binance, using the same bank account and a SEPA transfer, I couldn't "Was my bank's fault". So I tried to go to customer support and I live my thread to be answered, I have to wait 2 days for them to reach me, they leave a question and they close the thread after half an hour, without giving me time to answer. When I'm going to respond, I have to wait 2 more days...

I have found Binance to be very reliable and I'm amazed to see negative reviews here. I tried to write a review about 500investments that is a real scam and my reviews on trustpilot were all removed just because I used the word scam but here it is ok  WHYI do not trust Trustpilot but Binance has always taken and transferred my crypto without fuss in a timely and cost effective manner. Highly recommended crypto market platform.

Happy Binance trader. Very reliable and no issues so far.

Horrible customer support for my withdrawal issue. I have been waiting for a requested BS transaction ID for over a month and I cannot get a direct response to my request. I would not use Binance wallet or their services if you want to risk losing your hard earned cryptocurrency.

So far I've had no problems fees are fair! You can spot trade, margin trade, swap coins, transfer crypto very reasonable prices very good company. Buy and sell crypto currency coins. I'm just working my way round the web site and you can choose to do so many things with crypto and fiat currency. 5 stars 🤩 for binance .

If I could give them 0 I would.  They lost one of my BNB, just lost it.  They admitted they lost it and asked me to give them five days to work out the issue and get back to me.  That was nearly two weeks ago.  Worse I waited FIVE hours in a cue to get help and then they kept me nearly two hours while they tried to work out how they lost it!  That’s seven hours of my precious time wasted because their system had an issue and they still didn’t give me my BnB back!   What if it would have been a bitcoin!!!  The worst customer service EVER!  Don’t just take my word for it go online and read the stories of how many people have had the same thing happen also to be told they would find the issue and get back never to hear a thing from them again.  Crypto trading is risky enough without an exchange that just loses your coins and take absolutely no responsibility for it at all, it is criminal!!!  Do not go near this app or this company, the cheap fees are not worth the heartache and frustration.

They are here to steal your money, and nothing else. You can check this by asking them or searching for their legal name and information. There is none and they will never give you one. Just run away from them.

Avoid this company like THE PLAGUE. Their support is absolutely terrible. You have to wait 6+ hours, and even they have no clue, they break promises, will not let you withdraw the funds you transferred in by bank card. Their KYC Identification software cannot identify your face, constantly breaks and disconnects you. I lost £250 to them, and will now be filing a lawsuit.

Support is an absolute JOKE. Completely on your own when things go wrong.  AVOID

Customer support extremely slow and poor, when you finally get one, most times they havent a clue what they saying themselves either... I had an issue where by accident i sent some tokens from my wallet to binance main wallet instead of sending it to my binance personal wallet.. cust support, turns around and says its not binance, i show them on etherscan and even send screenshot, they turn around saying now they cant help so gona open ticket.. i explained to them am fairly new into crypto, i have sent my tokens by accident to their main wallet rather than my binance wallet..mplz redirect my tokens as its clearly a human error and the tokens are not yours but mine... they are refusing to help... completely dissapointed as i really thought Binance was one of the most leading exhanges... guess i was wrong!! P.s no one even replied to my ticket...

Could recommend it, because of the nice opportunities on the exchange.

They "shut down for maintenance" the server and let my account wipe, all I wanted was to close my trades with the current P/L balance (that's the fair come out) at that time that was around 50 percent.   That's illegal, against the regulation themselves stuck into to be a regulated broker. This is not the first time their platfor goes offline, but this time they did it on purpose

I opened an account with Binance on January 2nd, 2021. It was quite a process because they kept requesting additional information from me. Just when I thought I was finished, somehow I wasn't. I tried several times to make a purchase. On the third attempt my order went through. Unfortunately, ever since then they have kept me locked out of my own account. They have the funds from my bank account but I cannot access what I've purchased. I've emailed them several times and they issued a ticket number. But here it is March and I still don't have access to my purchase placed 2 month ago! 12 days ago they emailed this: "Hello Binancian, We wanted to let you know that we are still working on your ticket and apologize for the wait." I need help accessing my account - not apologies.

Absolute scam of an exchange. I opened and verified my account around 5th of feb. After successfully getting verified I chose to use their faster payment method to deposit funds to trade, it showed on their account and on app straight away. Since that day, the payment is in process. I can’t use my funds or withdraw them so I can delete this waste of time app. Sent numerous tickets with 0 human reply, sent bank statement to prove (which I didn’t technically have to) and heard nothing back. Spoke on Reddit (1000s talking of the same issue and no support their too) and got banned from commenting. On Twitter, asked ceo cz_binance and he is living in a totally different world.  Rather than investigating, he calls this spam that people are asking for their money back. AVOID AT ALL COST. ABSOLUTE WASTE OF TIME. ITS A BIG SCAM. RESEARCH ON TWITTER AND REDDIT BEFORE YOU EVEN HIMK OF JOINING. AVOID AVOID AVOID

Such a complex exchange site,only good experience here, dont listen to negative comments. Just try with small amount,if you dont believe. Thank you binance.

Been going on over a month now to become verified.Gave all documents required, yet no emails. Just LIMBO. I guess i'll move on.

Horrible, horrible site! Allowed me to register, go through lengthy verification process, get approved, deposit money THEN tells me as a US citizen I cannot use their services and I have 14 days to withdraw my money. But guess what??!!! Due to their terms of service I cannot withdraw my money back to my bank account, only to a supported US wallet which I do not have as I live abroad on residency permit. So they basically stole my money!

I really feel like Binance is a fraudulent network.this is scamI lost all my assets in Binance and Binance is not responsible at all!  Only the robot answers

Binance is a great and legal scamI lost all of my assetssomeone withdraw all coins in my binance walletno one answer me from binancethere is no support teamonly robots answer you

Good investment platform to trade e-currency, it has a various options for trading. Their trading fees are acceptable. Their trading apps are well made and simple to use. Deposits and withdrawals are instant.

After opening a Binance account and trading a few crypto pairs, I was shocked one morning to see my balance showing $0 and $877 taken through what they call charges with no explanation. I have tried to contact binance with no success as no means of contacting them on website. This company is an absolute con

Binance stole 2500,-€ from me, I already wrote about 100 Email they should give me my money back, but they don’t even write back!!! No answer for ages!! 😡😡😡😡😡

I decided 5 days ago to withdrawal all my euros, the transaction according  to Binance is "successful" but money has never reached my bank account. Support doest' exist. No Human has answered my ticket after 5 DaysUpdate: after long wait problem was solved

i have been told i will need to contact the customer service of the receiving platform/deposit address?? which i don’t understand how they won’t know this or i would/when know this at what part of the withdrawal  process?can anyone help with above?does anyone have a phone number?

You can make money over here but is one but Binance like all others market places has one major issue: when big money comes in or out they all pretend that overflow crashes servers:)) companies with unthinkable markets caps can’t afford proper servers:)) this is how they making money:((( but it’s plenty there anyway. Wish you all the best guys,hopefully one day crypto mania become with out cheating:)))

I'd prefer to give no stars, customer service that tells me to not email them, to speak to an ibot, an ibot that doesn't answer nor resolve my issue, repeated verification declines even though my images are crystal clear. 0/10. Still not verified, and no help from binance.

I made a trade on p2p platform to sell 1000USDT for 1500 AUD. The payment was through Neteller. buyer asked my email address for payment and later sent me an image showing he sent me 1500AUD and at the same time I received 2 emails showing is from Neteller to confirm that I have received 1500AUD and they should verify my identity first and then release money that takes 5 hours normally, so I had to release my 1000USDT for the buyer no, choice as the trade time was just one hour on binance. I did so and after waiting and waiting and following up from Neteller customer service, they told those emails are not from us and you are scammed.   Yes, I was scammed through Binance. They have posted several articles on their platform that P2P trade is safe, secure, always monitored and so on, but it is 48 hours that I keep contacting them and they do not reply me and it is interesting that the guy that scammed me is still doing P2P trade on binance.. I do not know what to do to bring back my money that was my 6 month saving as Binance does not care about anyone and anything. My last choice is to contact ACCC in Australia, lodge a complaint against them that hopefully will be resulted in banning them from any activity is Australia that means losing 1000s Australian Customers.

Don't believe the fake 1 star review. Been using binance for 3 year best service ever. Most times deposit is same day.  A lot of scammers leaving bad reviews and suggesting you contact someone at bla bla yahoo mail. You can see the copy and paste in other exchanges. Dont fall for scams. Binance is by far the best. Blockchain wallet is the one people have real bad issues with

Jeeee. Am surprised that Trustpilot just let reviews come in. I thought this was a professional service....Binance is a great platform do trade cryptos. Have been using it for a month and all tool features work as expected. However, if you need support to look into a particular query, that will tough.

You can immediately see a lot of bogus reviews. Absolutely everyone I know and personally have been trading with them since 2018. Everything is smooth and clear. It's ridiculous to read these negative reviews. 😂 just clowns. I don't know why I got here, but it was by accident. I was looking for something completely different, and saw 2 stars in a search engine about binance.  Never, NEVER. There were no problems with withdrawals. 5 minutes and on any crypto wallet. It looks like the competition is being bullied when the entire planet is trading in BINANCE.

NOT SAFE! I deposited some money over one and half month ago. No funds received. They don't reply to my support tickets. I believe I have been scammed. Stay away

Since more then two months i am waiting for a withdrawl thez sent me few mail with a lot of questions i answerd on all of them and still dont recive my money!They even dont call a reason why they hold my moeny! SEND MY FUNDS BACK OR MY BTC OR MY EURO AMOUNT OR ARE YOU JUST A SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!????????????????

fokyou and your 15usd fee to send 33 usd scamming ass site

I am happy to hear that Singapore and many other countries have banned this company. I hope that this trend continues due to their shady business practices and wilfully ignorant support team.Stay away if you care about your money. This is a playground for kids, and the customer service is utterly incompetent. I guess the level of incompetence must be proportional to the bitcoin prices. They constantly change the terms without notice, which means what used to accrue interest suddenly loses value fast.

i made a withdrawal yesterday and still no sign of the money and no customer service. Just tryinig to see if it was worthy. No meaning is buying crypto if there is no way to withdraw the money

I have opened my account and I cannot deposit inside, I have tried 5 cards, no response from customer service

I have been trying to verify my account for weeks, but nothing worked. Their servers are always busy. I opened two tickets but no reply whatsoever.Customer service is completely missing.It's indeed very quick to deposit money, but now it's impossible to take it back until they verify my account. Sounds pretty much like a scam.

I have used #Binance for six months or so since swapping from Coinbase and I have not had any problems with depositing Fiat into my account until 4 days ago. I made a deposit to the account as normal but it didn’t arrive! I used the exact same details as previous deposits and checked on this with my bank. When you do this and the money doesn’t get credited you have to go online and create a support ticket which I did and I had a reply that asked me to send the payment certificate which I did as my bank provided it for me with the transaction ID and the faster payment transaction ID. Since then nothing. Not an email, call or anything. The support from Binance is very poor and you cannot get through to speak to a real person and no complaints department at all. I have had to request my bank make a fraud case against Binance to try to resolve it.

My balances would randomly go to zero during a margin trading and could not set stop loses, sell nor repay loans during this time, once for near 2 hours and then would get liquidation messages but nothing I could do as all my balances still said 0 on and off. Struggle to find contacts to get support in the maze of links and options yet non to actually contact anyone. Took 9 hours once I did work it out after declining the bot over and over with the option this was not helpful. 4 hours into it I was disconnected and had to start again, another 6 hours later I got to text chat a member of their team who could only read out the basics I read myself trying to contact them to be told a tech will contact me in a couple of day, although no replies have come from them at all since.They then blamed issue on Amazons AWS, said it was known issue but allowed us to keep trading while knowing it was an issue causing people major loses.

I've had a Binance account for a few years now. Besides having extremely high fees, a bad user interface, and terrible customer service it wasn't so bad.Recently I've tried liquidating the few hundred dollars I have with biannce but cannot make any trades or withdrawals. I believe this is due to Binances legal issues and inability to operate in the US. When I reached out to support they advised It was "the responsibility of the user to follow local law"When trusting your funds to a company you expect them to act responsbally and reasonably. Binance has done neither.In short don't risk your money with this skeezy company.

wanted to buy some ada today. deposited 100 euros. bought the coins and then when I was about to withdraw site started giving me problems. 1st of all, sms for withdraw verification were arriving like 2 minutes after I was hitting the send code button, then after I decided to disable messages on my phone and enable google authenticator I got hit with the "you recently disabled 2fa so you cant withdraw for 24 hours" oh what a fckng coincidence. fckng chnese dogsI wanna see what the next excuse will be.

They stole my money, I've put 300 eur for deposit and they took my money but I got 0 ETH. Scammers, I lost 300 eur. Big mistake.

Binance just stole over alot aud dollars on a futures trade from me by the *site malfunction* got no margin calls, I wasn't able to close my trade the entire drop, I wasn't able to do anything but watch you guys liquidate me I recorded it the thing which I'm going to release on every crypto outlet and sue if this isn't rectified immediately, I'll also speak to a reporter as the community is all complaining about your ways. I will be an ADVOCATE TO SHUT THIS CORRUPTION DOWN IF THIS ISN,T FIXED.I'm currently screenshotting all the other people's complains and speaking with a community that got screwed over by you guys.Whom do I speak to about this matter and give my account information, time of incident, video evidence I need this solved asap as I suffer from heart problems and this is effecting my health.

The deposit system is so bad. I deposited 1000 CHF over a week ago and havent beed credited or refunded. After submitting a ticket I have received only Automated Answers.

I have a very small investment of approximately $10 in crypto currency and I just got hit with $80 in fees!!!!! I'm devastated!!!

The support on Binance is absolutely horrible. Would not recommend.

horrible support team, at the end after waiting for 150 min for them to go online with me, the agent told me that he can't resolve the problem and closed chat on me. horrible support. extremely bad service.

ZEROOOO customer support, worst company for crypto!!!!

There is no support and expensive fees.Big exchange with a lot of coins, but many questions to support and fees

I would give a 0 if I could. Couldn’t even deposit money after multiple times of trying and even waiting hours to try again. This has effectively cost me a lot of money, as I couldn’t buy a crypto in time before it’s price went through the roof. Will tell everyone not to use these.

I have deposit 1000 USD and I did not receive it in my wallet I contacted them but they did not answer for a week now Worst  customer support 👎🏻

Unresponsive, long wait and when they eventually respond it is not helpful, it is often just an automated list of possible answers that usually does not answer the question. Terrible.

Does anyone know how to get the account back, I talked to Binance chat but they told me that the account does not exist despite the fact that I sent the registration email and despite the fact that I have crypto currancy in it.

very easy to use, havent any problem with it

After waiting +4 Hours in queue for chat support they hung up on me. This was my third attempt to reach them. WAST OF MY F....... TIME. Wont recommend Binance to my worst enemy. Use another platform unless you want to wait in line for 12 hours a week just to reach a unprofessional supporter

Binance are severely lack lustre in the provisions of customer support to their customers, sadly this devalues the overall user experience. PS. Please resolve the issues your 'faster payments' option is facing. It is anything but fast.

It does what it has to do.. But if it doesn't, then you are screwed. And if you have a lot of money on it, it might give you the sweats.This is the second time that i need them, and just as the first time it's horrible to contact themDirect live costumer service took me 9.5 hours waiting time in line, and then I got kicked out. Then I send them emails, wich they reply with automatic awnsers that not help you at all.. You can find tese in q and a aswell, and if it was a usefull awnser, you would have find it on their website.  Long story short.. 4 weeks in, and 1 awnser from a real person that asked me if I was verified already. Which I was so that was not the problem. After giving that awsner a automatic bot responded to me again, whit afcourse a useless awsner from the q and a section, so no help at all. They literally want to make me punch myself in the face. Last time it took me about 5 weeks for there was Any help. And trust me, I'm very activaly trying. About 10 mails, and 3 x live costumair service on the website which takes crazy long to get trough.Fingers crossed They will ever help me this time.My advice, use Kucoin.  Better feest, better service.

Deposited several hundreds of euro's and still didn't come through after HOURS of waiting. Customer support is non-exsistent and crappy AI-based. Screw this company

worst customer servcice ever, it is impossible to get any reply from a person, all you get is auto response emails from a computer, not solving anything.

Be very careful with this site. I apparently can't convert my Tether to EUR, and therefore I can't transfer / deposit my 15 usd. BE CAREFUL

It's a bloody joke what is going on today with  this exchange. Nothing works properly.

Entire balance on account missingBinance site very slow - access limitedAll data missingWish to report fraud AND they don't even have this as an option on their platform.No emergency line to callEmailed support but not even an automated responseSuggest avoid this siteCoinbase is more expensive and not really for trading but if looking simply to hold crypto a much better option -ProfessionalUK Doctor

First of all I DON'T RECOMMEND BINANCE.US (Based in San Francisco?)I had a little over $10K in my account. These guys took my $4,000 and still asking me to deposit a $500; $3,500; then I at 12:05 today they asked me to deposit another $1000. I did tried to deposit multiple times, but they all failed because Binance.us didn't allow me. When I tried to withdraw, they didn't allow me either. I loggin and checked my account and I only have $938.67 left as of today, February 19th, 2021.These guys are a bunch of Thieves, ladies and gentlemen. AVOID THEM!!!

I invested in crypto about 5 years ago, got cancer, and spent a few years not involved while I got healthy again.  Found out Binance not available to me anymore.  No satisfaction getting assets transferred/sold or anything else.  Only automated responses that have nothing to help fix the problem.  Not a life changing amount of money, but it's mine.  They have it. I want it.  And they're making it impossible to get.

I just started using binance literally 2 day or two ago, after a very difficult and headache registration process. And now today when I really need it to buy cryptos as the market is going up a lot, binance is completely down for me. Wont even show me wallet info, let along trade anything.Very upset and angry. I chose them as I was told they are one of the biggest and most reliable !!!

Binance is just awful, the website doesn't work when you need it to, right now I can't see any of my wallet addresses, after all the money they've made you think they would make their website a bit more stable but no

This site crashing every week.These lot have made me loose over £25000 today alone they crashing the spit wallets so you cannot withdraw when prices are seriously dropping.Ill have this posted all over my socials for people that trade short term forget this  site.It's strange how it happens everytime there coin breaks an all time high.For short terms traders stay away they have cost me so much money when I could've pulled out there websites are down.

good experience

These reviews below are definitely fake, you can be sure by checking other crypto exchange company reviews, they have exactly the same reviews.

To chat with the customer service you have to wait over 9hrs, if you leave the chat for over 4 mins or you are not typing every other minute, you will get kicked out of the waiting list which is usually around 300+ people. It is THE WORST. And once you are in, they are not very helpful, just ask to wait the next day and go through the same process

the best exchange , earn ,safe ......

I transfer a money and money have not showed on my account!!!! No way to contact customer service, this is a scam company and I want to make a law suite againts them.

Actually totally impossible to contact anybody there. On the queue for 6hours (really, 6hours) and then they close the chat...Back to the queue. Again and again. Have a computer runing since 2days to try to reach them haha.. Starting to wonder if this company exist :/

I made 2 purchases of USDT more than a week ago, each of 67 euros, and up until now both transactions are still "processing". I asked for a solution over and over, and they don't follow up after i talk with the support. I have to wait hours just to talk about this problem each time, only for them to forget about it, and not solving it. The least Binance could do would be to send me my money back, or the tokens, immediately after their system blocked my money somewhere. This a great disrespect for a long-time client of them, who has made purchases over time, and who brought them other users. I wouldn't advise you to chose Binance, your money is not safe with them.

BINANCE IS LEGIT AND NOT A SCAM ! I've recently seen a lot of fake reviews for Crypto Exchanges which claim that Binance is a scam and they had to get back their money via a third party. THAT IS NOT TRUE. They just want to get you to also write to that third party (which is in fact themselves) and try to steal your money/crypto. PRO TIP: ALL GIVEAWAYS AND TELEGRAM GROUPS OR ANYONE TRYING TO GET YOU TO SEND YOUR MONEY/CRYPTO SOMEWHERE IS A SCAMMER AND YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY REPORT THEM !!!!TO THE SCAMMERS: Please get a life. You are more than that, scamming people online for their hard earned money... Would your Mom be proud about you stealing other people's money? Sooner or later Karma will hit back on you if you don't stop. Get a real job, earn your own money and buy crypto yourself. You will see, honest money and making your parents proud feels a lot better than beeing a sc*mbag and stealing other people's money.

Well I mine Ethereum in Binance pool, I trade Future with Binance future, I 'm actually earning enough to have a nice life...THX BINANCE & CZ!!!

stay the foock away from Binance! you will just loose money!

Hi there,It's Mr Alam here,During October 16th 2020 - October 19th 2020 a vile, deceptive European scammer who calls himself "Simon Hassler" from the website www.clearsave.i o  used the malicious software programme called "anydesk" to treacherously transfer my bitcoins worth £11550 which was purchased from w  ww.binance.co m  into a mystery, untraceable bitcoin receiving wallet that I don't have any access to.He is a vile, low life parasitic natured scammer.Why can't your website binance refund the full amount of £11550 back to my Natwest UK bank account immediately? My Natwest UK account number is 32071973 and sort code is 60-19-39. Doesn't your trampy website defend the victims of cryptocurrency scams? How dare you people of Binance allow "Simon Hassler" a fassy face of the lowest order to defraud me?Your cryptocurrency website Binance turns a blind eye to the massive amount of unlucky victims that you have secretly allowed"Simon Hassler" to defraud.All your employees and overlords of Binance should be tried in a court of justice for assisting massive amounts of treacherous scams to go by unnoticed.All this treacherous financial cryptocurrency scams need to be condemned for eternity.Give back my £11550 and don't pretend like the covid pandemic hasn't caused you to use a different durable toilet paper to smear your fudge stained rump with, aahh, the refreshing fragrance of your demonic slurry porridge.I am still waiting to receive back my £11550 immediately.Kind regards,Mr Anamul Alam.

They will let you deposit money but they won’t let you take it out. Apparently poly is “under maintenance” which is convenient considering it’s 200 percent increase. Absolute scam, as soon as I can I’m taking my money out and never using this app againOnly been on this app 2 days and it’s already being really dodgy. Complicated to use as well

my genuine review got taken down about binance from trustpilot and said its suspicious and not genuine and took it down. i just said they took my money and gave no btc, they also ignore all my tickets and just send me email saying "since there has been no reply we are closing your ticket" , binance is terrible , ive been lied to multiple times and trust pilot takes down everyones review on here. why ban everyones post ? they demand evidence then ok dont allow ppl to post posts on here then without the evidence in the first place! beware of binance!!!! worst customer service out of EVERY exchangebinance replied 2 years later, original post made 18/02/2021 and ask for case number, just shows how useless they are and why they have 67% 1 star rating on trustpilot. thanks but no thanks binance 2 years late lmao

Used 'Binance bridge' to move $400 worth BTC on to Binance Smart chain network - transaction didn't get confirmed til after the 2hr timer expired and so instead of returning the BTC on the BSC network as its meant to, they just kept it.  After over a week of trying I finally got thru to support who claimed it had been sent through, but when i asked the address they supposedly sent it to she gave me THEIR address (the same one the Bridge app gave me as a deposit address) - when I asked for details she was evasive and told me I'd have to create a ticket and they would email me, which did NOT happen. Will NEVER use Binance again for any purpose whatsoever

easy interface to use, but very long withdrawal procedure

My account on holdMy account on hold. I can withdor my money. I send appeal foot get any results.I want to have acess to my money and BTC.I send request to support and no answer for 2 weeks.

Really good crypto exchange. Low fees!  You can buy, sell, stake, farm your cryptos. I can recommend it!

Had an issue when a deposit didn't go through but this appeared back in my account after a few days.Exchange is easy to use once you've gotten used to it, has a good variety of cryptos on there. Don't see peoples issues with it. It seems most of the bad reviews on here are actually scams.

My account on hold. I can withdor my money. I send appeal foot get any results. I want to have acess to my money and BTC. I send request to support and no answer for 2 weeks. My request: 7439945

Good crypto trading platform. I was able to transfer to and from my Binance wallet ultrafast and hassle-free (except when BTC network is slow which is beyond Binance's control). The UI looks sophisticated too.

Deposit stuck on processing. Pure laziness. Highly recommend everyone withdraw from binance and store their crypto on a hardware wallet. They can and will screw you over when possible. Disgusting customer service.

Dreadful for fees. Trying to withdraw FRONTIER and being charged 11 coins to do so. Avoid as much as possible. There are acceptable and completely unacceptable fees. This is the latter.

One star is also too much for their service!I live, work and resident permit in Denmark. I uploaded my Danish driving license to verify my account and they blocked. I wrote them 1000 time to explain me what wrong was! They didnt even reply! Finally I waited for almost 3 hours for live chat and then they told me they blocked me because my place of birth is Iran!!!! Ridiculous!!!Imagine if your parents are european working for example in an embassy in Iran and then you born there! You cannot have account in Binance because you born in Iran! Away from this broker!

Terrible app and full of scammers on P2P platform.

For those of you who are having issues with Binance support, they are regulated by the FCA and have to follow certain procedures or you can complain to the financial ombudsman, you can read more on the FCA's website. Just google "FCA consumer how to complain".I uploaded some funds but they never appeared, I then contact support and had my ticket closed after a generic email. Finally, someone responded to my 2nd support ticket with an irrelevant response but then didn't respond to my follow-on emails.Going into the online chat leads to about 6 hours waiting in a queue but then no real notification when they reach you and so you just miss them and it resets.Horrible customer service.

Low Fees / Horrible CSLow feesUX for professionalsHorrible CSI was testing different crypto platforms.Their UX and UI is very messy for a basic user like me but this is a preference/profile matter. If you're a trader, prob that works.Binance is really appealing for their low fees. Unfortunately I had an accident where funds were transferred from the bank but never landed on binance and there I discovered the nightmare of their CS. Basically is inexistent: they claim to have a live chat, instead is a very useless bot; after many iterations you get queued in an insanely long line to chat to an operator (400 people in front of you) and that doesn't even work. Eventually, after more than a week I got my problem solved but I IMMEDIATELY left binance for something more professional. Long story short: you get what you pay. I would be ok to be lenient for small hiccups but you can't mess around with people's money disappear.

Really bad. I added a yubikey to my account and the Binance system somehow locked me out of my account. After having o re-verify myself with pics and even a video, I replied several times, customer support were short, sharp and eventually non existent. I've been locked out for over 3 weeks now and subsequent tickets have gone unanswered.

Apparently they have developed a great platform but they are scrap in terms of customer support, transparency and  withdrawal which are main areas for any trader. I deposited some amount as i am trying to find some good brokers to trade with, they just accepted my all documents and verified my account as well as deposit. When i tried withdrawal  before making more investments, they have excuses one after the other and nobody is responding in email or live chat. My funds are in my account though. lets see how it goes ahead. Interestingly, they can accept USD or GBP from Dubai based account but they have no option of withdrawal to a Dubai based account. very interesting. Azhar Hussain

If you like or not, this is the best exchange in the world, and maybe it will be forever.Long live to Binance, Best wishes for CZ and their team and all users!

I've been using Binance for 4 years. Pros:- low fees (unlike Coinbase)- massive variety of alt coins (unlike Coinbase)- rarely slows down when there's a huge BTC price move (unlike Coinbase)Cons:- a bit spaceship like if you're new to trading (unlike Coinbase)From depositing funds to placing buy or sell orders, unless you've got someone to talk you through it can be a bit daunting. However, there are loads of tutorial videos and youtuber's who've done how to's so if you don't mind actually doing a little work instead of being spoon-fed on a gamified app (like Coinbase) you'll get to reap all the benefits of Binance.If you don't want to put any effort in and don't mind paying high fees (like Coinbase) you're in the wrong place.Personal gripe would be that Binance has become too busy recently so it's harder for me to place leveraged trades as the system only has a finite amount of leverage available to borrow in trade moves. If you're not day trading this doesn't affect you though.

As they give lots of trading pairs, trading itself is way to complicated for begginers. Interface it's not the easiest to read either, i mean the classic one, the one that supposed to be easy to familiarize with. An easy to trade interface has Coinbase and pro for proffesionals which make sense.Has way to many trade options. It looks like you need a master degree in trading to be able to make trade and a double master degree to witdraw the money out.

they never ask for verification when you want to deposit but when its time to get your money back they want veirification... and its doesn't work, i have tried everything and my money is still trapped there. i wouldn't recommend them for anyone!

I made a SWIFT USD deposit to Binance almost 1 week ago. I am still waiting for the Deposit to reflect on my BUSD balance. This is really outrageous. No response from customer service, no options to open a ticket, nothing whatsoever. Where is my money? I'm getting worried since it usually reflects within 12 hours and now it's been a week and no trace of my deposit....My honest advice: Stay away if you're about to open an account! This do sound like a SCAM to me! Beware!!!!

The worst f*ckin place where I have ever put money in my whole life.Incompetence, scam, zero customer service and mad fees.Avoid like the plague.

Same old story.Binance did not credit my Euro deposit.Their customer support ignores me.I will be recalling the funds through my bankand I will be reporting them to relevant financial authorities.Bunch of goddamn scammers.

I have bought 130 Fuel coins which is now valued at $485 per coin so around $62,000 yet my balance is $0.00 scam company avoid. @binance ID 25275033

Charged my credit card twice and didn't deposit any money into my account. Ruined my evening with multiple calls to my banks fraud line

Binance are VERY good at taking your money, but almost impossible to withdraw!I have nearly tripled my original investment, but I am unable to withdraw it because:1, Very poor support, almost non existent2, Totally baffling withdrawal process3, Unreliable withdrawal software i.e. it keeps going down!A company that makes it so easy to add funds and beyond complicated to withdraw does so for a reason and I feel that honesty isn't it!

Great all round! Fees are low! Haven’t had any problem so far.

There a absolutely disgusting exchange firm i was using them to transfer my money from my Lloyd's bank they done nothing but mess me about over my money to be frank I bin putting over big amounts then had to wait in big cues to ask where my money is then end up them saying we no trace of it I had to supply everything from my bank to prove I payed once I done it they got hold of this fiat whoever they are in my books there a bunch of clowns running this firm so I went back to transfer wise but yesterday I thought ok I will try them again so I transfer over £4.39 yes you heard it right do you know what it's not hit my account yet what the point of this firm they should be struck off as far as I am concerned now I haft to chase my £4.39 its joke avoid at all cost you have binned warned

I have only been using Binance for 2 weeks. Although I can sign in on the laptop, I am unable to sign in on the android app. I get half way, but when it comes to authenticate via text or Google authenticater, nothing happens afterwards. The submit button does not highlight and does not accept authentication. So frustrated. Downloaded the app twice.

Really bad customer service. I waited for 8 h and they helped me nothing and rude too. Left the chat without yet solving my issues. Good luck to them. Celsius is way better

I deposited crypto using a currency that was supported in their website and didnt get credited. When I contacted their support, they told me to wait.I waited a month and they told me that the currency is not supported, even though it is clearly supported when I deposit. They took my money and said they can't give it back, STAY AWAY FROM THIS SCAM

Customer support is embarrassing. I was still charged for a failed transaction, and it's been over 2 weeks with no refund and zero response from the support team. I've tried to contact them in every way. I've ended up having to contact my bank to get my money back which could take up to 3 months. Will never use or recommend this company to anyone.

I sent a bank wire transfer to those guys on Jan 26 and my account has yet to show my deposit. I contacted my bank and they said that the money was received, so i have lost my 1000us deposit and there is no way to contact these guys

Been using Binance for years.. never had an issues to raise complaints... deposit on binance via card (yes they charge 1.8% but their a business and they are there to make money) or buy on coinbase and transfer it across to binance.. same with withdrawals - transfer it to coinbase and withdraw to my card - no issues.. never tried to withdraw from binance directly.. Verify your account before you use / deposit any funds and you will be fine. Dont deposit expecting a verification straight away. Great work binance.. keep it up!

This Company is very dodgy. I don't recommend it.Basically, I have deposited money through faster payments as required by the site and the money has gone missing and live chat/support do not help. I have contacted them numerous times and I am constantly told I will get contacted in 24 hours which never happens. I have checked with my bank that the details are correct and they have confirmed this. I can't open a dispute with the bank as this is a faster payment bank transfer (which could be the reason behind them using this) So now I am in a position where my money is with them and I can't do anything about it and am receiving no help.DON'T USE this company

DO NOT USEI use multiple CEX. This is the only one that has stolen my funds and been dishonest. If you use and put funds on it BEWARE they will take your tokens at any time through hidden backdoors to your wallet.DO NOT USE

They have zero support... how could I trust people doesn't care about their client... I deposit money to my wallet but they never arrived... then super hard to open ticket but no answers too... maybe they are not thiefs.. but they doesn't deserve the money they take

Please beware of this platform, not just because you can loose lots of money while trading.. If you by mistake make a payment to their account that turned out not to be valid anymore (but the customers have not been informed about the new one!) you won`t get your money back, and you will be ignored. They will not answer your emails and chat is not available (yes, there`s a robot.. ) It has been 8 days and my money has not been returned nor added to my wallet, but what`s worse, nobody is even answering emails that I sent through so called "support page" when I ask for the update.

Very poor.  Spent 3 hours trying to buy a currency.  Won't let me select any other currency other than BTC. Tried to upgrade security by entering my mobile number - sets default country code to China and won't allow me to change it.It's crazy.

Been on hold for 7 hours, all i want to do is withdraw my earnings but Binance is restricting me from doing so, they are claiming its my computers however I've tried 4 different computers/laptops with different browsers and 2 IOS devices, its them who have some sort of restriction on my account and they are refusing to accept it feeding me with BSI am totally convinced this company is a scam company, I only lost £200 but do not use them under any circumstance - the reviews on here speak for themselves

Support is unreachable and my money is stuck cause I need a min amount to transfer coins etc. pethetic little app

Insanely slow and useless support. First, they ask you to send in every document you have in their sick verification process, then the application is pending forever and their so-called support also takes forever to reply. When they do it is useless robotic answers. What an absolute garbage of a company!

Website is easy to use, you can't contact anyone and the zendesk they've got set up asks you not to message. Makes me nervous about what would happen if something were to go wrong. Have moved my funds.

I went to binance to buy 200 band crypto, was at $5 at the time, almost a month later..  still not verified, and price of Band just hit $17!  That's a loss of $2400!!  I am so disgusted, should have went to another exchange.  Binance has a few other coins I'm  interested in, but is such a hassle to sign up on several exchanges, but apparently it's worth it.  Im done with binance, also see many other bad reviews for them, its a shame.

Good and reliable exchange. Can't understand all the bad reviews.

Scam scam scam!These thieves Stole my money I deposited (100 euro).Avoid!Horrible experience.

ther google authenticater is wildly not working when ur coin values surge ..thr going to get sued or self destroyed

So far, really impressed. First time using crypto trading platforms, first time crypto purchase. I read all the "creative" reviews left over the last few days and it appears most people just lack experience with this type of thing. Some people are missing out the fundamental basics of opening an account that involves money. Of course you need to prove who you are before you can withdraw money and use all of the services. You wouldn't expect to walk into a bank, give them your name and they give you all the money you want, well, some people obviously do.If you're not used to this type of platform then you're going to want to spend a couple of hours getting used to it. It's not designed for beginners. At the moment, the website seems to be under a lot of pressure so the verification process is taking quite some time to even go through, however, even before you verify your account, you can deposit money and buy crypto. You can then sell the crypto and you'll receive USDT which can then be converted into more crypto or GBP/EUR or USDC and withdrawn. Before you verify your identity, you will be limited to how much you can withdraw, which is pretty standard. Even PayPal has these limits. You can buy crypto and transfer it to your wallet, such as Exodus, and deposit crypto from your wallet very easily. Don't dump a ton of money in if you don't know what you're doing. Deposit 20£/$ and play around with the platform. You can buy and sell crypto and get a feel for what it's like. Most of these reviews appear to be from people that just didn't consider the basics of using a new platform.

Horrible experience, it lets you hook up a bank acc to put money into your acc, but once you want to convert your crypto back to cash and back into your bank it impossible. Their customer support is also disgusting. I have to wait for 320 people to get sorted before i get to chat to their support team via live chat. Which was also really hard to find in the first place, you have to jump through hoops. My health has gone horrible after dealing with this all day. By the time i can take this crypto and change it into cash, the crypto value will probably drop and ill lose money. For this reason I ADVISE EVERYBODY TO STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE.

Very very very x100000 BAD!!!!I have problem with registration.Im in germany with croatian ID... its all EU.But i cannot make my adress validation becouse on ID is another adress.I send them all my internet bill and also proff that i live hire from govermant..i have 200€ on account and now i cannot do anything.very bad cosutmer service.waited 6 hours and guy didnt do anything....useless

AVOID.Charged to put money in fair enough chose eth. The platform showed the bnb currency trading at £135.00 and climbing so switched to bnb as lost approx £70.00 in seconds... Another platform showed the correct price. I would not have made the trade on the real price.Transferred immediately back to eth. On trying to withdraw my money was then charged £5 to get back my own money. I understood the risks but binance is not fit for purpose nor are charges fair.

My 200$ worth ethereum transaction is lost in their binance smart chain network. Apprently no other platform accepts their BEP20 token system yet they still let endusers like us to send eth via their system. I told them to refund me because it is their network and their fault, as an enduser I don't need learn about all technicality behind this transactions, I just wanted to transfer my coin from A to B! It is really hard to connect and communicate with their customer support. Stay away from them.

Hi,i don't understand why my "Amount is 0.01GBP", "Indicated amount: 13.02GBP" and "Fee: 13.01GBP" ???They said "Bank Transfer(SEPA)" is + 0 Fee !!!Each time i'm going to transfer money they will take it all ???I'am really disappointed !;o(.

They don't tell you when you open the account, but there are excessive security protocols (like having to take a selfie etc). This puts a limit on how much you can purchase (before you are informed of these security requirements) and this also then blocks any withdrawal of your own money

We have been asked for a £6.000 fee to have our money put into our account they have all our retirement funds. So left us with nothing. Very nice on phone when they want money. Never answer emails. Then when u tell them u have no more money. Totally egnored us.

The support team it is a very bad joke, worse than an absolute zero

My account is locked and my verification is denied, I tried to contact support and there is no answer for 10 days...

Deposit ZIL from my other wallet and it never came to my Binance wallet. I contacted Support but no response there. If someone from Binance read this please contact me because I want to know where my ZIL is!

Okay, Binance sucks. Because firstly, once you became a victim of crime, there is no proper support in place. Secondly, to reach them is almost impossible. Thirdly, based on the patterns of the online behaviour of criminals, I see no difference in the way staff respond to our request. For example, I have been a victim of crime through a replica of binance website. I have been dealing with the so called customer services coming from this fake website. Then I ended up, later on, the binance "help' I got was coming from scammers as I have reached the actual binance team. What struck me though as to see the exact lack of knowledge the employees of binance have about their own products just like these scammers. When it comes to advice from the binance team, I could not even dissociate between the scammers customer service. There was no standard knowledge the customers services suppose to have. One guy did not even fill in the report when firstly flagg it. I approach the second guy, he did indeed help, filled in a report and continued with e-mails back and forth, around 10 of them. Now I went back to inquire whether they have been contacted by the local police and guess what? I get an automated e-mail saying: Hello,'Please kindly visit the following link to get a prompt response:  w. w. w. binance .com /zh-CN /chat. A kind reminder that please do not send a direct email to Binance, thank you.Binance Support Team'As you can see, the link leads to a website in Chinese language. Now, what should I trust from these odd interactions? Can I trust Binance? Not at all. All the interactions I had with them could have been easily mistaken with those of scammers. Sad...

With all the changes to the stock markets and other markets. This company decided to increase there identity verification to 15 days to be able to deposit money and trade.... There competitors all of them are better ETORO Coinbase Buybit they all beat binance.us This company is a waste of your time there crypto will bottom out and company go belly up as there slow. I started an account with the intent to fund it and immediately start trading. Coinbase allowed this so did ETORO Binance said 6 days. Then it said 15 more days for the advanced verification. Been 8 days now I have made thousands off coinbase and etoro therefore those platforms are far far superior as i have made 0 from binance as cannot use it.

I came back to Binance after 1-2 years of inactivity to check my BTC and what my gains are.I found out I was not able to do any Fiat deposit/withdrawal and was not able to buy any crypto.Turns out the payment options on my account have been "permanently disabled" by their "security system" due to an "anomaly."I was baffled and of course, I asked for an explanation and a reason behind this. They were not able to give an explanation.I asked for a reference in their TOS that this can happen. It's not mentioned. The senior customer support representative "Pepe" said that this is an "internal procedure" and it is not mentioned in their TOS.In summary, they permanently limited my account without any notice nor explanation when confronted later on. It was all a part of their "internal procedure".

Over 24 hours now and still no sign of my funds. There is something fraudulent going on here.Fast transfer means they have the funds in their account within seconds but not allocating it to my user account.If Binance are using my funds including other peoples for their own trading use while providing little to no response to complaints.Class action law suit on the way. Changpeng Zhao here we go. Release every ones funds or face loosing millions of users overnight and refunding them at the same time.London law chamber member

I have been using Binance as my main trading exchange for many months and loved the speed and ease you can complete buys and sells. That's great until something goes wrong as it did yesterday. I transferred a large sum of GBP to my account only for it to never show up in my account. Seems to be same story as some of the other reviews on here; money left my bank account and was received by Binance (confirmed by my bank) but the sum was never credited to my account. It's only then that you realize that there is no support function whatsoever. I have logged a ticket but had no response for over 24 hours. It's a shame as I really did like the service but now that it's clear that there is no support function I will be taking my business elsewhere. I would class myself as an active trader so it's Binances loss. If Binance ever look at these reviews (which I doubt)  the ticket ref is:   7272419

its impossible to get in contact with the support!!! so if you get in problems you need to say goodbye to your assets!!!!For over a week I needed to get in contact with support and you only get tru to a robot

I can't withdraw due to an error on their app and website. I have been trying for around a week now and their customer service team hasn't resolved via email.

No good tutorial, no customer service , looks like scum

I have been gullable too and been scammed out of +£46k during the period of 4mths. I'm a very vulnerable person health wise but why would they care. I wish there was a way I could get my money back. The support is just a useless bot. I have reported it to the FCA but not sure if they can get my money back

The problem is deposite is done very fast but when you ask for withdraw in wallete its always in pending incoming free no outgoing withdraw

I have opened an account with them over week ago I can not do any transactions buying,selling or withdraw I can not contact any one only computer system answers my  questions but the system has got same memories for every one. I believe my money is gone.

Tried to withdraw my GBP profits only to tell me my card is 'unavailable'. However, it will still happily let me continue to deposit cash into their website from the same card. As soon as I get this issue resolved I will be closing my account and taking my money elsewhere. Customer service is a worthless bot and pretty much nothing else.

Dreadful! Absolute Scam company as far as I can see. Will take your money but will not allow you to withdraw. No support either.Update:As you can see I gave this review feb 2021. This reply came today 26th February 2023!! Says it all really

So, i deposited some money to buy crypto through these guys. They forgot to mention that you can only use their system if you send them a picture of your ID, which you should never do under any circumstances. I withdrew half my money immediately, they limit how much you can withdraw per day. Next day they had blocked my ability to withdraw until I send them my ID. Their only customer service is a rather moronic bot that wants you to send them a picture of yourself, which again you should never do. Binance.com Give me back my damn money you thieving shitstains.

The volume of transactions in this exchange is high, but they are fraudsters. Be careful. They confiscated my money and do not even allow me to withdraw it. Fortunately, the amount was very small.

The worst customer service crashesh almost every time , missed so many opportunities because i wasnt able to cash out or add cash to my account. Waiting almost a day for my last deposit..

No email support for issues. Just generic bot replays that do not lead anywhere. Purposefully delaying account verification. Backwards logic that with basic verification you can authorize the payment with the bank and send money to the Binance account, but you can't use that money that's already in the account to buy currency within the account itself without double advanced face verification, which agen - gets delays as much as they want. Also - if you don't have a smartphone, you are NOT going to verify your account. No upfront information about that whatsoever. Also, be aware, that your country might not be supported for trading in it, but they won't be telling you that. They will accept money transfers into binance account no matter the country, but withdrawals, as you'll later find out, might not be possible.

Their advanced verification is a total joke ! Have been told that I would get a reply by today and never did, live chats been told I wouls get an email with the review being done and nothing. Terrible customer service for such a simple task .....

Faster payment service is misleading!! Bank transfers could take 10 minutes for Binance to receive then it is stuck in a processing status for several hours or even for some people several days. This should be almost instant with today's technology and with new people getting into the crypto space, the last thing people want to be thinking is, "Is my money safe on this exchange?". There is no way they should be labelling this faster payment. Binance, get with the times and sort this out!

This whole website is a scam! Transferred £6500 tried withdrawing when the price dropped and website started crashing. I finally withdrew just shy of £3,000 in which has since gone missing and never hit my account. Iv sent multiple emails chasing them and consistently getting ignored. Do not use this website they are thief’s and scammers!!!

Lost money big time as their platform keeps crashing!!

I had future position placed in but no time to put stop loss or gain because they crashed, i lost my 2 positions and a lot of money cause of this. Till now they are still down and cant make up my loss with the big pump on btc ( following tsla announcment).SCAMMERSSSSSSS They dont care about you or your money... dont even think about opening an account with them.EDIT:THEY ANSWER 2 YEARS LATER? ARE YOU FOR REAL? total nonsense

Registrering virker ikke. face registrering virker ikke.Konstante fejl på siden. Regulært tidsspilde.Registration does not work. face registration does not work.Constant errors on the page. Regular waste of time.

They ask a lot of information which made me not want to use their service after creating an account but they keep spamming me to death. they FINALLY sent me an email that at least had an unsubscribe button, but to unsubscribe i have to either download an app or give them my phone number. it's absolutely ridiculous

NO CUSTOMER SERVICE--NO ANSWERS--NO WAY TO GET MONEY OUT OR TRANSFER BITCOIN!!! Cant connect bank account, only buy through debit card so there is no way to get money back. DONT DO IT!!! SCAM SCAM SCAM

Top crypto exchange in the world, even I do not trade there, but hold and stake all my crypto in Binance,  the exchange gives free new tokens or altcoins as well, I just wish they have more APY comparing to other staking platforms.

Absolutely brilliant website. Complicated to the beginner but then this is why I would say that it clearly isn’t a beginners exchange. Don’t choose to open an account with them when they specifically don’t brand themselves as being the beginners best choice and then moan about it. Yes.. it’s complicated, so actually do some reading about the best places to start trading before you simply jump to the first exchange you hear about. Simply hearing about an exchange doesn’t make the right choice to meet your individual requirements and investor profile. Binance is superb and I have used them for years. Again.. I have never had an issue withdrawing or receiving funds, regularly and over the years I have used them. It is amazing to me how many probable scam sharks, attempting to destroy another companies reputation are obviously leaving fake reviews via trust pilot here. It is shamefully obvious, and trust pilot should be removing these reviews as it doesn’t not provide a fair average consumer view at all. These people are presumably doing this in a quest to attract investors in there direction by actually damaging the reputation of binance who I’m my view are one of the most legit exchanges out there. If trust pilot wish me to verify my dealings as an independent private account holder with binance, I am more than willing. Thank you.

Incredibly complicated to the point where you almost want to let them just keep your money. Disgustingly bad. I would sacrifice my life to destroy this website.

They make it impossible to withdraw your money. I am trying to withdraw to GBP with the card I paid with and they wont allow it. I have rasied it with customer service three times over two weeks still the same problem. Waste of time and money.

Yesterday I stressed up because my withdrawal cf coins from Binance to the(ir) Trust Wallet went wrong! Without going into details...my coins didn't get to my account at Trust Wallet! I took me a couple of hours to finally go through the red tape at Binance to write a support ticket...they quickly replied that they had confirmation my coins were successfully withdrawn and to check with Trust Wallet throwing the ball in their court...and that was it...no offered help(my coins are worth $6000)no suggestions who to contact! I try Trust Wallet... I pleaded my case they issued a ticket number for me to say over what I already told them before...and that was it...no follow up...even worse then Binance their parent company! I tell you... I don't know what to do now... I am up against a wall with no options... I tried finding a number for Binance head office. Binance has 12 offices around the world...would you believe there's not one phone number one can call to talk to anyone... unbelievable...! My coins are somewhere in the Trust Wallet computer and I can't reach out to any one there! The way this went down I am thinking SCAM... it's so easy to do and what a beaut of setup with no support or anyone to call for help... I now definitely think I was scammed out of 10000 coins! My next option is a lawyer...get me a lawyer to open some channels...not sue them I know I wouldn't get anywhere! If anyone in this blog has had a similar experience or know of someone else I would like to know...maybe we could form a group to storm Binance this no class outfit! I was at Bitstamp before...had to come to Binance to buy ADA...but let me tell you... Bitstamp is in a class of their own...with 3 cities you can call if you have a problem... unfortunately they offer not enough coins on their platform! Sorry for the long grind fellow trust pilot...!

In using Binance.com You run a very real risk of not getting your money back at all, the high interest accounts with a protracted fixed term means Binance.com can block your region while you're in staking or mining and then your screwed. Just because you lived in a greedy country with high tax rates and the government wants to regulate somthing else that can't be regulated in the first place. This is just not what crypto is about. Stay away!

Signed up. Got my account verified. Made my first deposit to buy some bitcoins. Very happy. Later when I tried to make another deposit I got a ban on my account. Had to go through the verification process and provide my documents to appeal the ban and success. Tried to make another deposit to buy some crypto and guess what... ban! Go through the verification and rinse and repeat. This kept happening. I spoke to two of their customer service agents after waiting for hours and was told the function to deposit has been permanently disabled on my account. No reason, they only referred me to their terms and conditions and told me that they are not allowed to disclose the reason why. Binance are complete trash and nothing but thieves.

Binance and binance digital take your money and you won't get it back.Binance show you have money, you try to transfer it, it says 0, yet it shows that money is going up and down in trades of your money.My theory is, they take peoples money, so many are paying in, for a while people have withdrawn, BUT that is to get your trust giving you money back people are paying in cause there is so much.So after a couple or a few years, the tables turn and anyone that puts there money in, ITS GONE. Check review sites and read, many have been stung, i lost around 3k GBP.Binance digital.. Someone will answer talking through whatsapp, asking you to set up a new account, stating money from binance is automatically gone to binance digital, your new account shows 0, the person who is not staff will vanish to return asking you to login to see thousands of dollars, to then ask you to pay in $1300 or more, or less to withdraw the thousands of dollars, push you into borrowing money from others if you say you have none. You later research cause it doesn't seem right, you tell staff this, to be told "do what i say, i know, listen to me", thereafter insults come your way, to make you believe even more binance digital is a scam. I said its a scam, its on review sites, they ask you where, i gave nothing, more insults, for me to say goodbye, without one word to get your money back, i also mentioned that. ITS ALL A SCAM WITH BINANCE IN ANY WAY.Barclays bank are also to blame in telling me that i will not get my money back even though they authorize payments, yet they know this goes on, FRAUD, so i wonder if they are also involved.BINANCE... BINANCE DIGITAL... BARCLAYS BANK, they take your money through Binance/Binance digital and you will get NOTHING BACK.

They don't have peercoin! :( But they have a lot of scamcoins. (350+)

Just deposited £300 which didn’t go into my wallet. After seeing multiple reviews matching my experience I can conclude something suspicious is happening.Stay away from this company

Made a deposit didnt arrive in my account yet. How i can contact support?

They ignore tickets and if you're trying to withdraw money good luck! It will get stuck in processing for ever and there is no support. Please don't use this company as they will screw you over and steal your money, any positive reviews are clearly fake.

The plateform has been badly thought since the start,and they built the whole around that base.it got famous because they have a big base providing liquidity for the big player . but they are not ready for the new era. bad for newbies because its a mess, bad for pros because its a mess.here is the bad things i have experienced :1-when you have an emergency the best you could get is chat with 86 people before you. true story, this morning was 156.1-often you wont be able to withdraw , for "maintenance"2-you cant keep track of your profitable and loosing position easily, there is no panel dedicated to that in the console, you need to go check your wallet, and its a mess, it doesnt show +30% profit or naything like it, it shows prices with huge decimals, you need to remember how much you had bought the thing to guess your profit.and the numbers are in crypto, like who the fork could feel flow reading 0.076623 btc, when btc price changes by 20% a week...-you cant see your liquidation level on the chart , or have a clear vision of it , you have a stressometer you can see in your wallet ,  green color indicating if its ok, or orange if youll soon get rawdogged .-for trading its a nightmare , cant just buy a crypto on the trading console, often you need to convert from X to Y in your wallet, than count how much is Y to make Z, than click on borrow and arrrghh. Structure, Synthetization , flow, intuitive ui...no? when you trade u need to have a place where you know profits, losses , opened positions , all wide and clear . you wonthave that here .the good thing : its a technical achievement to be able to provide such connections with so many assets . binance is an amazing tool , that you cannot use . thats the curse .

The worst exchange ever:1. The queue in the support chat sometimes can be as big as 1500 people and time of waiting more than 8 hours. And the chat will be closed without any response if you missed your queue even if you written the issue details.2. Submitted issues are ignored for weeks and at some point they just remove it without resolution and hide the history of requests for customers.3. If support members say that you will get a response about your issue via email in 5 hours or in 2 days or whatever - that's not true. I checked these 3 times. My issue still not resolved after more than a month of chatting and waiting...4. FIAT withdrawals are blocked for more than 8 hours every time when the market becomes volatile without any notice.

yes, binance us is a complete joke, they will either be down when you need them or will do shady stuff.  I did enjoy binance before the strangeness started.  i was trading depositing, withdrawing, etc. all good, then one day, they cut me off from trading, no explanation, i have been verified and vetted by them.  So i sent an email to support, no answer, another email, no answer, then some clown sends me an email requesting a video statement and a litany of personal questions, where do you work, how do you get your money?   how much do you make, how many dependents do you have, etc.  very intrusive, almost like a phishing scam, but it was from binance.  i have a suspicion that they have some employees who are data mining personal details of binance account holders.  so your best bet is to avoid binance!  I transfered all my crypto out to another wallet and went on with life, avoid these clowns!

Binance is a disgusting scam you can not get through to anyone on customer support its a fake site do not ever use it

Wouldn’t let me deposit

I withdraw an amount of money to a wrong address, and very shortly after noticing that, I sent them an email and submitted a request. I tried to do many things to get in touch with them and nobody responded to me. They even marked my case as SOLVED and closed the request. I created a follow up to see what will happen afterwards. and they keep saying "Regarding your assets on Binance, for safety reasons, we kindly ask you to submit a ticket to our customer representatives, we will get back to you as soon as possible.submit a ticket here."

Worst site in the history of crypto. I hope this site gets shut down by authorities as it's a big scam site that steals users money. deposits don't register and claim to be processing yet the money has left your bank or wallet.

No support. Withdrawal fees are insane. Withdrawals takes ages coinbase is immediate and much better. Also the app sometimes bugs and I cant buy or sell

I deposited a large sum of money from my bank to binance and the funds got frozen because 'the bank account name didn't match my binance account name'.  (the only difference between the two was my bank account didn't have my middle name)It took 4 very stressful weeks of posting screenshots/bank statements/descriptions of the problem etc. to different support people.  Most of whom just brushed me off with a some vague reassurance before marking the problem as dealt with.  A lot of my support posts went unanswered for days or were just ignored.  Eventually after waiting 3 hours in a chat queue I found someone who was prepared to actually look at my bank statement to confirm the name and address matched my binance account.  The funds were credited to my binance account 5 minutes later. The binance app itself is OK and works well.  Just pray that you never need to ask for support.

I don't know why you always delay my transaction, 12 confirmations is so long Very stupidother wallet need to wait 3-6 confirmations and here i need to wait 12 confirmationsfunny

Zero help from the support, thanks for nothing!

Awful exchange, they confiscated my crypto because I had not logged in, in a while.  Its a scam and untrustworthy.

Got stopped twice at document verification.. both on drivers license.  First time they said it was expired dl (it isn’t).  Second time claim it’s too blurry.  I’m now worried that I provided lots of info that could be used for identity theft.  Would have submitted a ticket but they won’t accept tickets for doc verification.  Done w them!

I have contact the support team about unable to log in to my account, they email me back to say my account is expired. But did not tell me what to do! Just to say I still have coins in my account. WTH! Since then support has been non responsive about my emails....

Binance has lost me 9k USD. I could not convert nor trade my crypto. When i tried to withdraw my crypto it took over 1 hour i did that to sell it on another exchange knowing there would be a big dump at 1430. They have not responded at all. The crypto arived at the new exchange over 40 minutes late.I trusted Binance and even praised them to my familie and friends i really hope they get back to me to sort this mess out.

Stay away if you don't want to loose your money , I was lucky that it was only100$ lol these people block your wihdraw and redirect you with a fake process that make you stuck , they not helping you and you can't do anything about that , no number is working , live chat send kiss his ass . BIG SCAM ! STAY WAY !

Keep away. (i) Impossible to withdraw invested money. Instructions on withdrawal are incomplete, and do not work - Information is asked for ('address' and wallet reference to try to get an address which is shown nowhere so you're stuck). Basically they make it impossible for you to take your money out.(ii) The online help facility is hopeless, its a bot.(iii) A search of the Internet comes up with telephone numbers, and none of these work.It's a scam. Please do not lose your money with these people.

1. There is a fee to input money2. The withdraw minimum is greater than the deposit so you are trapped 3. There is a LARGE fee to withdraw a more trust worthy site such as coin base.DO NOT USE THIS SITE

i really don't know why the rate is so lowgreat exchange and moreover great additional options and system in whole

I transferred money from Santander to binance.The balance showed on my account as 'processing'  I was verified with my ID so all looked in order but for a month now I have been sharing statements and letters from santander because binance refuse to accept that the payment they received was from that santander account.I am at a loss what to do as santander have done all they can to prove my case and there is no way to contact binance except through the most rubbish chat system ever or an email that is always replied to with a generic response. I have no way of getting my money as the binance is not regulated. How can they be able to do this? If I had known I would have invested in crypto.com which I have used since and has been brilliant

This is a SCAM!!! Stay away! These guys they will block your account and then will ask to provide videos of the entire login process!!!! I tried everything and I have to mention that I am verified with ID and videos of my face and ID!!! Still they do not want to allow me to access the account and take my money!!! My money is blocked in their accounnt for 3 weks and I cannot take them to my wallet! It happened to many people, be aware! Do not use this website!!!! It's definitelly a SCAM!!!!!PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THEM FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!!!

To deposit money into Binance, all you need is to make an account. To withdraw however, they will not let you until you verify your identification which they refused for me.Says a lot about a company that will happily take your money but won't let you get it back. So my money is trapped until they accept my many futile attempts at getting verified. And to add insult to injury, I cannot even buy cryptocurrency with the money I have deposited until I get verified. Otherwise, the website is pretty good and easy to navigate. But, just for the cheek of the above, you're getting a 1 star.

Disaster of a customer service, my money is blocked for 3 days now.I sold se crypto and transaction is still processing.Waisted more than 10 hours waiting to speak wit someone just to be sent from one person to another.At the end they opened the ticket for me and said they will contact in the next 120 HOURS.I talked with around 9-10 different customer service agents there and the only thing I got was the apologies for the wait.My money is till blocked without any idea when I will get it back.Garbage service.

All work good, card ok, transactions ok, buy and sell ok

The variety of services is growing infinitely.It's unexplainable how secure I feel by keeping my money with Binance.Closely viewing the platform since the beginning.If there are some questions. I would be able to guide you through.Binance Team is awesome by making a platform that Global and transparent. Hopefully, I will do some good business in the closest future with Binance ecosystem.

At first, trading was fine, but later, no support and no response. Lost nearly 1900 DOGE because of their inactivity (asked them to cancel trade, or finally deposit in my wallet on their pages, but nothing happend).After this, I moved as much my cryptocurrency from binance as possible.

Terrible experience, business is specifically misleading about verification timescales suggesting an hour but then stating will take at least 48 hours. Deliberately misleading about uploading funds in order to earn their fees on your deposit and withdrawal. Customer service was far from helpful, only online chat system available. No phone number. Stay away.

My first deposit got stuck "processing" in their system because I used my joint bank account. Customer support responded 5 days following several requests  but never sorted out the problem. 2 weeks later and no progress has been made. My funds are stuck in Binance's no mans land.  They have millions of users and only a couple of hundred agents. So good luck if something goes wrong. It is a shame because their interface seems great.But the fact that have thus far stollen my funds is getting to the point of becoming a criminal offense.

Promote buy & withdraw with fiat but when it comes to withdrawal, put up all sort of excuses to stop you taking money out. After going through all verification, find our they don't allow GBP withdraw and using t&c saying can't give reason. Absolute crap customer service. this is their final reply:I wish I could help you with further more information on the issue that you are facing now, but due to the security & policy constrain, our payment channels are unavailable to deposit or withdraw Fiat currency into your Binance account. And we may not be able to reveal more information on this due to policy constrain.If you wish to make deposits or withdrawals in Fiat currency, please use one of our third-party network partners or P2P trading, whichever is available & convenient to you.

Easy to deposit and trade. Withdrawing is very very slow. I had a lot of doge that I exchanged for ltc I wanted to send it to withdraw it but, my withdrawal is still pending approval.

They will allow you to deposit, but if you want to trade you have to complete the verification process and it says it will take up to 2 weeks

I have over 200 usd stuck in the website that i cant get out. This is a total scam and the worst thing i have ever been a part of.

They stole my money. I deposited £100, or rather tried to but the transaction came back as “failed” ... So I check my bank, and they seem to disagree because they sent the money. I have messaged their “customer support” and so far I’ve not heard a peep

0 stars if I couldI deposited 20,000USD on January 7th and the money is still pending in my account.24 hours after not receiving the money in Binance, I submitted a ticket and to this day no one ever got back to me.I have also been on the chat 6 times, I have waited in the queue for over 10 hours total to speak to someone. I was told the payment was made from a corporate account, which it wasn’t, it was made from my personal account but for some reason my bank sent the account holders name as the banks name. The first person I spoke to on the chat asked for proof of payment and proof it was my account, which I provided. He then said that the money would be in my Binance account after 24 hours. That never arrived. The second person I spoke to said the money would be refunded and would take 3-5 days, that never arrived. Every person that I have spoken to since then has either said it will go into Binance or it would be refunded and all mention 24 hours but nothing ever happens, the money is still just pending.Trying to take further legal action.*UPDATE*After 24 days they released the funds after about my 8th or 9th time on the chat and submitting another ticket.Still wouldn’t recommend

I DON'T KNOW WHY THERE ARE A LOTE OF NEGATIVE COMMENTS HERE ABOUT BINANCE, I USED IT MANY TIME WITH NO PROBLEM TO WIHTDRAW CRYPTO. TAKE CARE ABOUT ALL THE PLATFORM AND INVESTMENT, BUT REALLY I CANNOT UNDERSTAND WHY MANY PEOPLE SAID BINANCE IS A SCAM....SOMEONE CAN EXPLAIN ME ?

Binance is overall good, progressive company, but their support is really, but REALLY sooo bad.  All I wanted to inform them about bad functionality of their website, that could harm their users (cause them huge financial loses) and in the end it may also harm Binance.What I expected is "thank you for reporting this, we will look how we can make sure this will not happen again" At first some "AI" wrote me unrelated nonsense.(Advice to Binance: remove this functionality, it doesn't work, it makes you look stupid.)Later  (maybe) some human, explained to me some very basic trading rules (After thousands of trades I really don't need). Later they asked for details and screenshot they already got.They are just buying time, asking for details they already got from the beginning (contact form).Reported issue was:Custom order (sell/buy) price value was ignored. Instead of my custom value (price) the order was created with current market price. That means the order was filled immediately. Possible reasons why this happened:They use probably some javascript/jquery call in the background, that did went go thru and therefore my price/value has been ignored. (temp. proxy, network issue could be part of the reason)# if so, there should be some check that entered value really reached the server..-OR-Temporary malfunction on Binance server/infrastructure

I transferred money from my bank account to Binance. Their Deposit history clearly shows that the money was received, however when I go to check in my fiat balance on their website it shows no funds. Their system has lost my money. I've contacted customer service a few times and now they're ignoring me. THEY'VE STOLEN MY MONEY AND ARE NOT REPLYING TO MY EMAILS! Avoid this company.

I like the new (ish) deposit option, saves on scam fees from coinbase and the likes. Good liquidity, no problems so far

It can be a bit tricky to get a situation resolved with binance and the bots but i made a mistake with a fiat deposit and they resolved it within a few days so i have to say 5 stars!

I deposited £100 to buy Bitcoin. No where could I find in the terms or, crypto withdrawl info that once I have bought my £100 of Bitcoin, I do not have enough to sell it back to them. Hence I am stuck with it there. Or I can send it to another wallet if I like at a cost of £14.00. When depositing funds it should state that there is a withdrawal limit. They won't do that because they know you would just exit. The tactics can only be called a scam.I use blockchain.com now as it is much easier and better.We are taking them to the small claims court because terms MUST state these things clearly. Thinking you can just take people's money, then hit them with shady, secret terms? You absolute dingbats. By the way there are plenty of people taking a snapshot of your terms page on wayback machine (just check) so if you try to change, we signed in before such drastic terms were included. You can't legally imply us signing terms in the past, binds us in the future.Companies like this infuriate me, there is some sneaky, greedy, weasel crud, ripping us off somewhere and just laughing. Shape up you shady scammers, we are coming for you.Moody, thieves stay away at a costs.

I am doing this on behalf of a friend who is too traumatised to come here to do this now but if a business needs to get less than one star, it's these people.I know that am suppose to leave a review from a personal interaction, but for me this is as personal as it gets for me.My friend got his account hacked of $15,000 on their servers recently, something he has been trading and investing with them for 9 months to a year, and he is at home in shock weeping now(or maybe they are the ones who cleared his account, who knows with what we hear these days about these kind of businesses), and noone is saying anything about it. There should be an insurance policy in place for crazy things like this so the person can recover something from what happened but yet we are hearing nothing about this from and they apparently don't care.When hardworking people trade their life-savings diligently with these people and this is that they get, losing out this way, it's sad.PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THEM FOR YOUR OWN GOOD, you would regret it!!!

Crappy customer service. Have to contact them through Facebook, Reddit, Twitter, Twitter customer service, and email. I can't think of how many ways I have to contact them for them to respond, but they didn't. It has been a month and still no verification. Guess they don't want my money.

A lot of these reviews are not Genuine, Trustpilot sort your self out, these are clearly Indian scammers trying to discredit all crypto currencies & get you to get you to their website, handing over your card details, look at their previous reviews, 20 reviews copied and pasted to multiple crypto trading platforms

Very poor customer service. I created two accounts with one registered to mobile and the other to email. I requested to have my mobile account deleted. Unfortunately, what they deleted was the one containing the email with 500$ holdings. Their customer support is very slow. Can it be fixed asap? I tried different trading platforms but this one is so frustrating!

1. Lack of Transparency in Terms and Conditions for the following:a. Minimum cash withdrawal amounts not stated or specified in Terms and Conditions. b. Minimum direct cash purchase amounts not stated in Terms and Conditions.2. Inability of Binance's policy and system to refund remaining deposited amount before account closure despite verification of ID and bank account. Solution ("workaround") offered by agent - To DEPOSIT MORE funds to meet minimum withdrawal amount in order to withdraw funds before closing account. I cannot understand why their system is unable to refund any outstanding funds if that same system is able to deduct any fees or monies owing before closing or suspending an account. This is very unfair, misleading and deceptive from a customer's point of view. Very poor system and policy.I expected Binance to be better than this as they tout themselves to be "the world's largest crypto exchange". Disappointing experience.

TrustPilot, please remove the rating of scammers who scam this review process with fake reviews used as cloaks to advertise their business.

Binance is from China, in thistime they are owners of 50%  of all Btc in the world and they control market fake.Do not use youre money there!They will take all you have on account .Wach out.

if you want to send bitcoins to another wallet it charges you to do so so bull**** will never use this again wasted my time as i bought to amount i needed and no more

Simply put, i transferred money, its been 1 week and nobody has replied to support ticket.Not to mention the first response for their ticket support system is a bot...first time ive encountered a platform dealing with your money with zero supportEdit - now the 3rd week, still no response

Can't verify my ID, tried 5 times already from every angle.You guys make me boil from the inside,My ID working in every service I ever used in my life.for some reason you do not accept it...So from my point of view, I need to go to Ministry of the interior and wait for bureaucratic lines to end so I can ask for new ID that will take minimum of 2 weeks to make and send to me.All of this because of binance...until then WW3 can break out

Binance's customer service is without a doubt the worst you could possible imagine. I signed up many years ago and the site is fine until you have a problem. Then you will find the problem becomes a NIGHTMARE to resolve because of their customer service - or rather lack of.In my case, I made two deposits at the start of the year. Both left my bank immediately and then stuck as 'processing' on Binance's site. Fast forward three weeks of vague and contradictory  emails, ludicrous amounts of time sat waiting in queues to speak to the live support, being ignored, being disconnected repeatedly etc etc I have finally received my refund. Surprise surprise after threatening legal action. It really shouldn't be like this. Such a shame.

Not a terrible exchange, but sadly Binance who was once seen as one of the "great ones" is now an exchange you can't really trust.

I tried out Binance when moving away from etoro, for personal funds. After a deposit, my account was locked due to suspected fraudulent activity (three deposits of increasing value as I checked out the app and offerings). I've complied with the Binance appeals process, but their process has taken weeks, and there is no one to communicate with directly, just a back and forth form, with non-specific, vague comments. I've provided all my information openly and there's still been no response. My advice to any other users trying this out for fun personal funds, is to use another platform like Coinbase. There's zero accountability, communication, or support available on Binance.

Terrible customer service, cannot get to speak to a human being, everything is on auto and issue of deposit verification hasn't been resolved, really disappointed

More than 10 days and still waiting for any update about two refunds to my bank account amounting to £412.No replies to customer service emails, BinanceTwitter support or chat.

While I have made some money through binance by trading crypto and I will continue using binance, their support is absolutly terrible. Slow to respond, still be waiting for days for a response regarding transfering 300+ usdt from their .com site to their .us site.Which brings me to another major issue with binance, which is that they seem to want to push US users onto a completely seperate site but not offer a decent way of easily moving the users account over. As a result I've had to basically reset my progress due to the 300 usdt currently just stuck in limbo over their own network, and them refusing to respond to support tickets.Another major annoyance with their US site is that the same basic tools that were available on .com just don't even exist on binance.us. For example the pnl charts showing how much profit has been made. Binance.US also lacks Futures trading and essentially  is just binance but with only the spot trading.And lastly this is mainly with the .com site, they constantly change their CSS and Navbar of the site every 2 or 3 weeks like they are changing socks. Its really annoying and makes getting used to using the site annoying. They should really just find something that works and then just stick with it rather than constantly changing what their production site has on it.

In 2020 Binance stole large amounts of my crypto after it notified all US citizen account holders that it would no longer allow them to purchase or trade cryptocurrency on their platform. I immediately checked my account and listed all of my positions and amounts.  The next day as I was prepared to transfer my crypto to Coinbase, I noticed that many large amounts had disappeared. All attempts to communicate with Binance support were met with automated useless responses.  They are thieves and should be avoided!

Coin Exchange fine 1 of the best.Futures trading Terrible but just about works. STOP LOSSES ON FUTURES CONTRACTS!!!! YOU SHOULD BE SO LUCKY. Normal broker misses maybe 2-3 out of 10 stop losses Binance on the other hand misses 8-9 out of 10

Minimal info on earn offers and kept my coins for over 30hrs once I had cancelled a earn offer , there was no info on time period. They get money here and there off little schemes and hidden t & c , be careful and read personal accounts before doing anything on this site. No better than a bank.

Customer service doesn't care.Deposit and withdrawal processes are very complex and not working well at all, as far as I experienced.

I transferred money from my coinbase account in 2018. Two thousand dollars worth of ETC disappeared onto a WEX exchange.I have no idea who owns that account.Binance literally stole my money and they won’t respond to online chats or emails.There should be a class action lawsuit against this company

No customer support only automated reply's. Made a deposit by bank account  which just sits processing at their end. Only signed up a week ago but have had so much trouble. As soon as I can I will remove my funds and close the account. I will just stick with Etoro who are very easy to use, deposit, etc

GOOD SERVICE, SATISFIED.

Worst "service" ever, only generic mails, very difficult to reach humans - they are simply not able to get the mail-unsubscribe-button working. How hard, right?Instead I am supposed to login, but it doesn not work because of their ridiculous security approach. Even resetting my password does not help, as I forgot my Google authentification credentials. But it is simply not understandable why the unsubscribing in the mails does not work, it's a complete nightmare.

Binance deserves way less than one star. Binance is Horrible. Try Bittrex. Binance does not really respond to any customer service questions. It is like the computer chat where you talk to a recording. the last reply received was, "your request has been updated", but my funds are still blocked. Save yourself a visit to the SEC complaint desk. Try another service besides this one.

It's too complicated to withdraw or transfer away from them.  It's like a trap.  They even closed down in the US for a while and made it impossible for me to access my account.  There's a minimum withdraw so if you don't have sufficient amount of a particular coin, you can't even transfer it out.  Stay away!

Usually use coinbase (amazing) tried binance. SO EASY to get money in, good luck trying to get it out. I couldn't even get my verification done so I had to use guess who? Coinbase to save my day. Transferred 70 USD , guess the charge? $17. A joke.

It was a great exchange to use until I had a problem with a wire transfer. Should have gone smoothly, I included the reference code just like the previous 4 but for some reason this one didn't make it to my account. The problem is going on a month and a half now and the customer service agent only responds once per business week. I have never been more upset with a company in my life. This is pathetic.

Really enjoy using binance, farming and staking my hodl crypto currencies, excellent app and different ways of making passive income

The individuals at Binance are extremely unhelpful, they are quite happy to explain the virtues of how great their services are and how you can make money by using their services. There are very adept at convincing you to transfer funds to them, once they have access to your accounts and have received said funds, they cut you off. Also an important point, if you have a phone that shows your call numbers don't bother calling them back as their numbers immediately become unobtainable. If you want to withdraw funds they become quite assertive and almost aggressive, they start quoting the Financial Conduct Authority rules and regulations to try and scare you in to doing what they say, For example I was told to transfer funds into my Binance account to create a financial footprint, so I could  withdraw profits that I made with my investments. Its a complete fabrication DO NOT BELEVE THEM, once they have your money they cut you off. Then a few weeks later another person within the company will contact you, using a different approach but the end result is that they get you to to transfer funds to them, and cycle starts again.There is no recourse of contact i.e. no phone number you can use to speak to someone in authority within the company. They use a computerise chat line which has standard questions and answers which are completely useless and not relevant to your queries.I have had £5816.75 taken out of my account under false pretences, which I doubt I will see again.I just hope that the management at Binance have the moral courage to answer this statement and open a constructive dialogue but after the very negative dealings that I have had with this company I remain very sceptical of a positive resolution.My advice to anyone who has dealing with company is DON'T, and if you have, get your money out of their company ASAP.

I wish I never deposit a dime in this Binance Us chain. First I was in International Binance since 2016 then they locked me being in the US. Therefore I couldn’t move by fund out. It forced me to use Binance US. I submitted my documents for verification two weeks now and it hasn’t been processed. I have to sent status update everyday since Without it approved, I cannot move or withdraw my fund! Bad Bad Bad customer service!

Kicked me off, froze my account and took all my funds! Scammers!

They deliberately can delay transactions for them to make a profit.  When I asked them about this they said some crypto currencies  may take longer time for confirmations. %98 of the time they run smooth. Just when I am about to do an important trade , their transaction  is delayed. Doesnt sound honest to me at all. I done many transactions  with them before with out delays.

Hello Binance Support Team,I opened an Account on your Exchange in December and invested 9500€ for Bitcoin. After my Withdraw was rejected multiple times without any reason ( all docs successfully verified) I decided to wait untill new Year. After New Year my Coins were rised up and I tried to withdraw them again. Now it has shown me that it wasnt possible because of risk reasons. After I wrote 3 Mails to the support without an answer and waited in the live chat for 5 hours just to get kicked out I decided to sell my coins and withdraw to my bank. When I made it, it has shown me the same reason. Withdraw not possible because of risk reasons. I already lost 1500€ just for commission to buy and sell the bitcoin and cant withdraw my money. Are you SCAM???? How can you hold my money and dont even tell me why or give me an option to change something. SO listen me carefully: Either you give me an option to withdraw my money or my Bitcoins, or I will have to take the BAFIN the FCA everything I have, so nobody will buy coins on your exchange in the future!!!Terrible Service!

Blocked account for no reason, now I get Message under review for four months!!! Tried to contact CS but they don’t do nothing and refuse to listen, jus keep saying I should wait, maybe year maybe two nobody cares, but took my money in seconds!!!

Binance has withheld my funds for so long now that i really have no hopes of ever seeing them again. Support is absolutely useless and can't help me. Should be ashamed!

They have NO costumer service. None what so ever. Do not go there...

The best what is on the market right now.

sent funds from coinbase, hoping the fees will be lower. same high fees for changing crypto. user interface appalling, impossible to understand what's happening. no list of tradable assets, literally have to check other websites, make lists yourself. total nonsense. tried to send fund back to coinbase, and it is not working!!!! what the hell. disgusting nonsense. thats why they don't have users.

I have small deposits, changed phone, and they will not now let me login using Google Authenticator. Their automated email 'helpdesk' says stupid things like 'login to your account to enable Google 2FA'. If I could log-in to my account I would, but I need the Google 2FA QR code which is only available after logging-in. Then they ask security questions which you can only access once logged-in, so that's impossible and you get locked out even if you don't answer them. To finally add insult to injury, your email replies will get blocked as they are identified as spam. A total and utter con, masquerading as 'trying to keep your account safe'.

Money has been stolen on binance and I can’t get through to anyone ! The chat option is always over 1000 people in the que and their email is unresponsive! I need to get in contact as I’ve have been scammed and a scammer is  using your platform to do this!!!

Support in TILT nobody answers for weeks to email. they are make ton of money, and instead of other exchange with a customer care still working and in max 1-2 days solve issue, they do not. They are completely without customer care for too many customer in. No excuses. A shame Binance.

These are crazy ...looking for them to investigate s possible fraud transaction ,on chat tgdvslwats over 600 minimum people in the queue..you wait for an hour then lose connection so you need to start all over again..Submitted a ticket ,to then recieve acknowledgement an email saying apoligise we are extra busy we hope your query has been resolved . NO IT HASN'T YET .

Account frozen for trades as the binance system incorrectly identified my IP address as a US address.I have spent 40+ hours in chat Q’s and addressed numerous emails to customer support. Totally useless. Meanwhile my money sits and my trades rot.Update: two weeks + now. Still no resolution .Appalling customer service .

When placing market orders Binance gives a price that is way higher than the actual crypto price. Don't use them.

I sent around 60€ in Bitcoin from my Binance account to my Coinbase account. And I received only 39€. Where the fk is the rest of the money?

Customer support is non-responsive.Money was disappearing.Stupid platform don’t use it.

good exchange volume & low trade fees.....horrible customer service, communication just wait until the fees when you try to withdraw, you better have made profit to overcome those off boarding costs....I was US based user user for past ~3 years...they knew, we even "chatted" about it in the past....On 1/1/21, they restricted me from trading...this was expected eventually but they displayed a complete disregard for loyal long term customers by doing this with no advance notice for me to close active trades....Do not even think about trying to live chat....400-700 in line in front....I spent 7 hours jumping thru 2FA loops to withdraw over 20 different coins to various wallets.....during this 7 hours, I went from chat position 387 to 192.....BTW, BinanceUS has crap volumes so not so near as good for trading....CZ, your company sucks & will not make it in the US with this type of customer service....I get you are aiming to please the SEC, but screwing your clients in the process is just stupid business & says you dont give a F....

absolute scumbags avoid these con artists!!they suspend your account and steal your money

11 days after my registration and they still can't verify my address or reset it or anything I've emailed them every day since I opened it and they haven't done anything, and in all this time ADA. My desired investment has doubled in value. Coinbase had me squared away for deposits in 5 minutes and binance can't or doesn't care to fix things for me even after repeated correspondence. 11 days. No help. Huge opportunity-lossed. Terrible company. Terrible. Hard to believe it

Their "suport" is not fit for purpose. When things go right, it's fine. But God help you if you need to use the support via email or chat. There is *no* point in using it. They are beyond worthless.As for the platform as a whole, good. Lot's to offer. Overly complicated design, but that's true of others.Be very aware of their withdraw fees; either fiat or crypto.

Avoid at all costs, happy to take money but make it near impossible to withdraw money. Then support is non exisitent with 4 hour + waits on chat without any solutions. Very dissapointed.

Binance has one of the worst support services, queue for reaching out to support contains almost 900 people w.t.f no help at all!!! No money back, I wait already 2 Weeks and no help

Money missing. It's been 6 days 3 attempts to access support/long ques and funds I sent to their account (with the correct information tags etc.) remains missing. It is not in my Binance wallet or refunded to me. They just keep saying funds will be returned to my bank account, no reason why and then nothing happens!!!!

I used Binance for the first time to buy some Bitcoin and was DISMAYED with the fees they charge!I got $202 in BTC for $210 charged to my bank debit card.They charged me $16 to withdraw about $200 worth of BTC from my account, sending it to another wallet. They charge a flat fee of 0.0005 BTC for wallet-to-wallet withdrawals. That's onerous! I thought that the whole point of cryptocurrency was low-fee finance without predatory middlemen. But, I needed the $200 to pay bills, so I agreed, clicked withdraw, and then I arrived at a screen with a message saying..."Withdrawal Request Submitted" - Let us decide if we want to submit your withdrawal request...EXCUSE ME!!?? It was NOT a request. It's a demand to transfer MY money and I agreed to pay you $16 for the trouble!Isn't Binance one of the biggest cryptocurrency companies, shouldn't they have more reasonable fees? Yeah, I should have read their terms and conditions before buying Bitcoin from them. But, they get away with charging these fees because they know that nobody reads these indecipherable terms.I give Binance 2 stars because I was able to get my BTC out and it might be a good platform for investors or traders. But their fees are too high for casual Bitcoin users and small business people like me.

Binane is the worst  in the crypto carrier  .the dont have good serves  and the helpped to the scammer so take care  because  i lost 3000 because  of binanes they have connections  whis clersave tredars .

Binance has one of the worst support services, queue for reaching out to support contains almost few hundred people, right now I am in a queue with 930 people in front.I have made a deposit weeks ago it has failed and I did not received my funds until now, I have missed plenty of trading opportunities and could not reach out to anyone because all of the personal forwards to one another which tooks time sometimes a couple days because of the queues and generally it is f*cked up platform in which I will never put my funds again. Hopefully they will refund me because the last time i was in touch they have said that it is refunded...

Extremely poor customer service and closing tickets without resolution. CEO may ignore you as they already made it as a multi billion dollar company and might have snobbish attitude. Use them at your own risk.

Trading Platform is good but the customer support is the worst thing about binance. I get responses to my emails around a week later and the online chatting option takes ages until it's your turn, minimum 3 hours!!!

I like binance because of the really large trading volumes, only because of them it is worth working on this exchange. But the tools for trading on this exchange are more hooch than bitforex and other specialized exchanges are full of.

I set a stop loss except when it really mattered they just ignored it and removed it. Useless.

You were doing much better in the past. When I started investing 3 years ago you were the best! What happened? Your pricing is not what it was. Customer service very slow. Come on guys!

This is the worst company ever i lost money because of there stupid and wrong charts, if you take a look at the ethereum for example when it got now to 750 euro the chart was in the way down and if you check in some forex or stock broker like admiral markets or icmarkets for example you will see the real charts how they whent it's totaly diferite charts and even in coinbase you can see that, but the oly problems they don't have candles or indicators there only the line.

When they switched to the binance.us platform i got no notification and have beent trying to get unlocked now for 5 days, and my acct is dropping , so high risk, slow service and locks up in high volume. Ok for small amts to play with, but dont put any real money in here. I am also finding that they are offshore so instead of filing a lawsuit, i will have to just create thousands of landing pages warning consumers about the risks involved. Oh well.

Transferred some money by bank transfer few days ago and nothing happened, no money, no response to my messages etc. poor customer service, poor app etc.

Do not use this company, no customer support and no way to contact them. I transferred £2k from my bank account and a week later nothing showing in my finance account - this is a massive scam DO NOT TOUCH

I came across this site when i was looking to buy some crypto currency, at first it seemed a really good site, i bought straight away about 250 euro worth of crypto with my mastercard which went all fine. Than i tried to make a further bank transfer this is where it went downhill i could not do anything further on the site without security verification, which is frankly impossible ive tried 50 times at least via the email notification which never sends and email, ive tried on my android phone by using the mobile version, again to no avail. i opened in the meantime an account with another provider which was completed in less than 5 minutes including 2fa and visual regognition etc. Do not use this site until they have solved their problems, you will never have access to your crypto or money deposit again, frankly im surprised they obtained a licence to operate here in Europe, we were suppose to be protected from scammers like this!!!! BEWARE!!!

I cant proceed identification, i have sent almost 20 copies of my passport ID and none of them are readable by their bots. If your bots can not scan passport ID then it would be good if you hire someone to do it. I wrote to their support mail and no one actually was able to answer adequately.

I was excited but I should read reviews from this Binance company first. I deposited 190 euros which was the limit for new users. I intended to buy cryptos with them but the website took me to verify my ID and then I just tried seven times or more to upload my ID, passport, picture, and the system automatically declined my ID verification without telling which of the images was not clear. The automatic response:Personal Verification UnsuccessfulWe're sorry to inform you that your Personal Verification has been declined for the following reason(s):" Image recognition failed, please re-upload a valid and clear image. "Please make the necessary changes and try again.I was also surprised when the minimum amount to buy a crypto is set to 15 euros which seems too much. You cannot buy 5 euros of a specific coin. then I tried to withdraw my money from the only crypto I managed to buy and the app said the system was under maintenance.I sent a complain telling them to tell me which image was not clear or a way to withdraw my money. I managed to withdraw only 120 euros which is not the 190 euros I had deposited. There are fees everywhere, binance bites you when you buy and when you withdraw. The usability is really clutter, you cannot easily figure how much you have right now in your balance after the login. The security somehow asks you to confirm codes sent by email which is annoying. It is not a smooth navigation and you cannot reason about the menu options. Feels like binance have a loooong way to make this app better and customer journey oriented.My account is successfully verified in other fintech services but Binance is the most difficult one to get verified. I would not recommend this site to anyone

Very poor I deposited 8 days ago and still myMoney has not cleared, this is terrible if you want to trade same day or instantly.Went to online chat and there were 470 people in the queue before me.Waited for 4 hours and was still position 183 in the queue.Fast forward 14 days and still no sign of my deposit.

I lost my 1000 usd from binance as i transferred ethereum to my rain wallet and it has not been credited. Its been more than a weekCan anyone help me ?

(Best) Crypto exchange ever but I just skeptical how on earth the withdrawal fee is now 0.0005 btc? Last I checked its 0.0003 now, how? While btc price increased this exchange increase their fee as well. Wow, just wow.

Don’t trust this business. I’ve deposited money through through my bank Payid. Money went through, but it never got processed at binance. Contacted multiple times their customer service as well as submitted request to resolve issue. Sent them copies of the receipt with accurate payid address. They tell you that something went wrong and to contact your bank, but bank states it a problem from binance side as the money went through. What happens next is they put you in a queue of over 50 people in front to then speak to someone who can’t help and will put you through to their “senior support” meaning you’ll be person number 102 in the queue to then get disconnected of the chat half way. This happened multiple times which makes me believe that this is a trick to get people off their backs. So basically I’ve lost the money I’ve deposited. Please stay away. If this happens with a deposit, imagine with a profitable withdrawal.Customer service won’t get back to you and they’re not their to help.

Thieves Stay away. They have hidden fees. There was a promotion of £0 fee to use credit card. Credit card replenishes account instantly. So I took that option to make use of market price drop.I made a £2,500 trade. At checkout fees were shown and agreed to at £0. So I proceeded. Upon completion of transaction they had charged me £47.50 leaving me with £2,452.50. Only shown in statement buried away in the system. Then they automatically charged my card a further £50 fee for "BINANCE Internet". To move my money to my wallet cost me £73.  So for a £2,452.50 it cost me £170.50 in fees!!!!

CS Jamie and CS Valerie just missleading me that my money vanished in the air. They refuse to put 15,900 GBP on my account even though my bank confirms that money is with them.

Terrible experience with the customer support of this company. Not sure why they scale to this level and not support the people who helped get them there. I exchange funds with cryptmixer.com. They always reply back every time I have any issues

Binance itself is great, yet their customer support is the worst of the worst! It makes you wanna rage on an extreme level!

On 21st December the trading platform went down without previous notice for more than 4 hours. They only published an announcement in their website - no email sent to customers or notification at all, you have to find out what happens by yourself. I tried to contact them to sell GRT at the peak of the day but I was unable to do anything. Serious trading platforms have a phone contact number that allows clients to close the position if for any reason this cannot be done online, and this phone number is displayed clearly on the website, but all Binance offers is an utterly useless chatbot that wastes your time. When I finally found the way to request to be transferred to speak to a human I was put in a queue in position 476 - very appropriate for trading, which usually requires action within seconds or a few minutes. I never managed to speak to anyone since after 3+ hours of waiting there were still over 100 places before me. I wonder if these are real people waiting or just a way to make you give up on desperation as I did. It is clear that Binance cannot manage a platform of this size and is not interested in listening to clients when they need to speak, otherwise there would be a contact phone number. Providing a chatbot is a clear indication that Binance does not want to listen to the clients. Yesterday I could have sold my coins with 15% of profit but I couldn't because the platform or anyone from Binance wasn't available to handle this. Today I finally had to sell with 8% of loss after being unable to speak to anyone. This is what being a customer of Binance is like. Interesting that most positive comments here are from Binance staff posting a contact phone number (that should be on their website) as an excuse to give themselves 4 stars. Outrageous. After 1 month with Binance I had enough. I will be closing my account and moving to Kraken.

A great platform that I truly enjoy using! There could be some minor improvements, but all in all I am very satisfied with their service ...Allows me to play with Crypto Currencies.

Worst Customer Service, Biggest Scam Exchange. I paid for btc via P2P but the seller didn't release my BTC. It's been five days now. I've appealed like 5 times, mailed, waited via chat room in a Q of like 280 people. Finally, all their Cs can tell me is that they are investigating and contacting the seller. Wth for they are acting as an Escrow for us then?? I've been ill treated, put on hold, asked to send all kinds of proof and still nothing has happened. I'm going to file a Police Report for international CYBER Crime and a daylight robbery!!!I need justice here.

I recently bought USDT via the P2p, I transferred to my spot wallet and then after 10 minutes attempted to withdraw the usdt from my spotwallet to my personal mobile wallet. I received a "withdrawal disabled due to risk control"  I have submitted a ticket to Binance ticket number 5339717, they have not replied it has been over hour, they are not replying to my ticket and not allowing me to withdraw my funds, is binance to be trusted. I a m really worrier about my funds now.  It seems is that they dont communicate with their clients.  Please help!!

this sh## exchange is a scam and always crashes during volatility. Is there an option for 0 stars?

Is Binance a good or bad crypto exchange? I guess I'll never really know as it's completely IMPOSSIBLE to add a funding source (i.e. bank account) for my company. That is because their submission form has a required field for account name, which cannot be clicked on or populated in any way.Their help chat consists of completely useless AI, which never allows users to progress to a chat with a support agent, no matter what options are selected. The AI appears unable to deal with even the most rudimentary questions. Their FAQ's are equally as useless and uninformative.Support emails are responded to by AI, which in my experience provided information that I can only describe as completely irrelevant. The ticket is then closed. If you are "fortunate" enough to have a human being respond, you can't expect any better that you might get from the AI.After taking weeks to go through their tedious process and open a corporate account, it now cannot be funded and therefore cannot be used. It all leaves me wondering what kind of braindead individuals must be running Binance. It's certainly NOT a company I'd entrust with my money. Overall, I'd have to rate Binance as providing the worst customer experience of any financial business I've ever attempted to transact with. They appear to be an accident just waiting to happen.

Cant say anything bad, infact is the best exchange I tested before putting my tent on it. Great support, very convenient fees and provides many ways to make profit. Definitely worth a try.

Binance is a platform for fraudsters, who use it as a hub to transfer the BTC to fake trading portals like En-n.com and many other, to scam people.  If they had audited or reviewed the Blockchain history of the cryptocurrencies, it would have been obvious that those transaction were not in any way legitimate, but rather fraudulent in nature. But unfortunately it is not in Binance interest to investigate such cases, as they get their share from the transactions anyways, whether they are legit or not. Also their customer support is very terrible, which is unacceptable for what they're claiming to be. I am a victim of a scam myself, where I lost a lot of money.

They seriously take more than 10% for a withdrawal they dont have anything to do with. They dont move a finger for it. This should be forbidden. What a scam.

Lost some money due to some delay on their trading platform, I would rather suggest coinbase over these guys.

i am trying to withdraw money .. I LIVE IN THE UK.its asking me to verify my zip code.. this is ridiculous.i do not recommend this company

I transferred a large amount of money to binance from my current account. The transfer was rejected by binance as my middle initial was missing.Fair enough but the money has now disappeared, my bank has no record of the money being returned and binance just keep sending me emails asking if this has been resolved. Four months later, I'm still without my money and I'm still hounding binance. Once I've got my money back, if I ever will, then I will close my account and never use them again.Case number 4427781 just in case anyone at binance bothers to read this.* Update on this as it's only fair.* I finally got my money back but it shouldn't take this amount of time and endless correspondence to get back what is rightfully yours. I think Binance will be one of the future big companies but they really need to sort out the basics.

Bitcoin hits 20000 and Binance has an outage where they withdraw funds from everyone’s accounts.

Best platform for me. Fastest and easiest to use with the widest range of products.Bring out new features weekly and BNB use for fees and referral fees make it inexpensive to trade. Futures can become expensive, but what do you expect when you’re lending large sums of crypto.

Absolutely awful company. Frozen my account with over 1000 dollars in it, can't get any help from Customer Support.Do not trust this company.....they will rob you blind

I think it is one of the best platforms in the world in terms of safety. This platform really has a promising future.DzMarketer

I could not express this in any other way. This platform is extremely dumb and confusing. It is unique to this business. Transactions that should simply be "BUY/SELL using x amount of leverage" turn into complicated borrowing/lending system for no reason AT ALL. It is infuriating and devoid of any logic and its run by arrogant babboons that think the customers owe THEM money when they are literally paid to support US.I sent them a simple question of "how do i close my trades", it took them 2 operators and 30 minutes to try and answer a question which would have taken any normal service 1 minute to answer, all the while the support window prompt was threatening to shut down every 5 minutes. Just imagine if i had a more serious question and needed more serious support.This is a horribly disastrous platform that is made to confuse with purpose, and its made to lure you into stupid decisions only to bleed their customers dry and milk every cent from them that they can. There is literally NO OTHER exchange/broker that is worse than this heap of garbageANY other broker is better than this. Literally any. Stay as far away as you can.

slow supportthough it's not critical problem

Hey, I sent a significant amount of fiat deposit to Binance on 16 November. The amount never reached my Binance trading account and also was never returned to my sending account. This is very distressful as it is a large sum of money and if it can't be deposited, please return it? There has been no customer support reply to my emails since 2 December, when I got an automated response. I will have to launch an official complaint soon if I no longer hear back from you.

You have to wait in the queue of 150-200 persons to get in contact with client support.Also Binance imposes limits on users, till they verify their address. The options are document from bank (statement) or utility bill.However it's never mentioned on registration screen that document from bank must include transactions, and not just current amount on the bank account. So  if clients misunderstood the requirements - must they really go to bank twice during COVID pandemic?So the verification process is extremely bureaucratic, and doesn't take COVID situation into account at all.Different levels of support do not make things easier either, nobody's willing to help and solve this easily for the client.

Totally untrustworthy. Support does not reply at all or replies after several weeks to critical issues like blocking your account because suddenly their security engine detected something somewhere. I could not verify my account because the system said I already have one (which had been deleted). They offer lower fees but potentially at much higher cost eventually. Trustworthiness and quality do cost. Stay away. You have been warned.

Verification emails are not coming through to email but support emails giving a ticket number are. We whitelisted all emails they suggested. Now I have a ticket number since 1st December but Cant get support to assist. Each time I ask their chat operators they say they have prioritised the ticket but thats all they do then each day I contact support and do the whole process again, each day prioritising the same ticket. It is my mother in laws account and she is ready to just write off what she has invested as no one will assist us.

Have a lot choice of coins transfer from bank account or credit card payment is straight forward, open market trading ease to use.

completely useless... i have accounts with bittrex, bitfinex, hitbtc and coinbase, for last 4 years and binance is the only one i have issues with. 1) after a security issue with my account i changed the email and started afresh, a week laster i contacted support but they said my account was under a russian name, i said that was the security issue which i changed , they then apologised and said they had forgoit to update the file - so they forgot to update my file after a hack ? great security.2) last 2 months i have not been able to withdraw my BTC to coinbase( a much better exchange). It keeps saying disabled due to risk control. I contacted cat twice, both times they said they would email me, both times they did not. this time (today) they said they would email me in 2 hours, i knew they wouldnt and told them if they didnt i would complain - so here we arestill cant withdraw my funds...dont trust this exchange

Aggiornamento: account sbloccato e servizio rivalutato...‐-----------Prima ti lasciano creare l account caricare i soldi dopo la verifica del documento  e dopo qualche giorno che puoi mettere e levare si blocca, dopo decine di tentativi sono riuscito a contattare il supporto tramite chat ( 1 ora e 20 di attesa) per essere reindirizzato ai gestori ticket... che mi mandano questa mailCS Theresia (Binance)Dec 11, 2020, 0:40 GMT+8Dear user,Thanks for your inquiry.Upon checking, we found that the withdrawal function was suspended due to the withdrawal risk control. Please kindly provide us with the following information for the account verification and we are going to help you through the ticket.The first 6 and last 4 digits of your bank card and a digital bank statement provided by the bank (PDF, not a copy printed on paper).-The bank statement must be an official statement, any screenshot or Excel file will not be accepted;-Your name must be shown on your bank statement;-Please provide bank statements for all the cards you have used in your account.We will help to resume the withdrawal function upon receiving the required information.Thank you for your understanding and looking forward to your reply.Best Regards,Binance Support TeamOra, io sono un lavoratore dipendente e i miei orari non conciliano con quelli bancari, dovrei andare in banca per rilasciare la dichiarazione di essere il proprietario delle carte che ho usato per caricare... il problema se lo pongono quando li riprendo non quando li ho messi...

Trading is fine, nice UI, as a European it takes some effort to get used to as it is aimed more at Asian consumers with all the colours and bells and whistles.Withdrawals, deposits work fine, sometime a little confusing, but that is probably due to wait times in the protocols.The 'academy' is actually useful and helped me understand how to do margin trading on their site. It also points you towards responsible trading practices. The only thing I can't really find is the way they handle margin account liquidation. That is a little obscure. I would like it if that would be more in my face, and more information about at which point I am. The indicator at the lower right is good though.I am pretty satisfied with the site. Tons of features and opportunities.

Binance is blocking my account for no reason since 10 days after i bought some btcs, they just locked the withdraw function due to risk control management so that i can do nothing with my coin. Dont play with them they are scammer. There is no phone number where i can call for reclamation, days by days my fiat spot balance is decreasing. They will definitifly scam after some transaction and earn your coins. run away from that ma fia compagny

That phone # is a SCAM. Hope someone from Binance can reach out to me to resolve my existing issues.

DO NOT invest with Binance.us. They are taking more than 7 days to confirm personal addresses (level 2 verification) and even more time to establish fiat trading verification (level 3). There are no customer support numbers as all communication is email only. Email response time takes days. Do you really want to trust your Crypto with a company who is understaffed and is not equipped to handle this business? If you have experienced the same situation please join me in getting out this information to all YouTube and other platforms in order to save others from wasted time and frustration!

I have been trying to withdraw money for 4 days and there is no way to wirthdraw my money. I wanted to ask you why is this happening and why are you playing with my money. Who is responsible for this?

Binance P2P is so easy and fast for buying and selling crypto at the price you want!

This company is disgusting I wouldn’t touch them again with a barge pole, they’ll tell you anything to get you to invest and once you have, they don’t contact you again they couldn’t lie straight in bed,they’re absolutely disgusting people I wanted to swear but it wouldn’t let me post this until I changed,they’ve took all my money and refuse to refund me, I’m disabled, and they’ve took full advantage of that, don’t even think about dealing with them all the good reviews, that they’ve had, are obviously fake and they should be held accountable, I’ve e-mailed them countless times and never had one reply

I deposited 1700 EUR using my credit card and converted to bitcoin, without warning they blocked my withdrawals because of "risk". I sent them an email a week ago and never heard back. I waited on the live chat for 3 hours. When someone finally answered they said i would be contacted in an hour. Since then no contact and my authenticator code is no longer working. In short this is a SCAM company who steals funds and doesnt answer support emails. I will be reporting this company to the authorities as well as my money is now stuck in there and no one answers. Binance is a joke and a company full of crooks. Please never use them unless you want your money stolen from you. Pure thiefs!

I didn't get any help from Binance support, withdrawal was stuck for more than a week with no reason. Ultimately I started calling all their numbers to get hold of someone. While I like their platform, they really need to improve their customer support and relation with clients.

My last crypto nightmare with Bitforex stealing my $20 bucks outright, no explanation and no excuses had me trying the world famous Binance.com today! Thankfully I can say Binance has delivered in the fact that they took my very small XZC deposit, allowed me to trade and processed my withdrawal to another of my external wallets (XLM) flawlessly. Every single thing they advertised was delivered i.e. Minimum withdrawals, instant withdrawal processing and ease of use. Also their trade minimums were very reasonable as well. I wish I had sent my 0.001BTC and 80MHC to Binanace instead of Bitforex whole stole it essentially at gun point since you have no control once your assets are in most exchange's wallets! However I have taken it onto myself to write reviews & try to help those new in the crypto exchange space. I've had a Binance account for quite a while but this is the first time I've used it for trading. So far the company has lived up to their advertisements and when I saw the negative reviews I felt compelled to share my positive experience. In my case there is NO WAY Binance deserves a rating anywhere near Bitforex!Possibly my opinion may change as I increase my transaction amounts and do more business with them in the future and I will update. However, as of now they are a 5 star crypto exchange in my book. Awesome liquidity, incredible (real not faked) volumes, very nice trading minimums and a company that will not take your deposit, show numbers on the screen and steal your crypto like Bitforex! The pros use Binance but it's nice to see they treat a guy trading with money that buys a soda and fries with the same professionalism as they do the BTC whales who move the markets.

My review was removed for some reason so I'll keep this simple.Binance have failed to credit a £440 payment to my account and I have been unable to get a response through email or chat that isn't by a robot. I'm not sure what about my initial review wasn't appropriate but in short please do not trust Binance with your money.

This is a scam. This company is not associated with binance. They will ask for your password and and talk a bunch of jargon that if you aren’t familiar with cryptocurrency, you won’t know what they are talking about. Do NOT call these people. Binance does not have a customer service phone number. You have to communicate through their support desk online.

Just stay away from this exchange. It is not neither regulated nor compliant. Most volumes are artificial. The support is bad. There is no jurisdiction you could call in case of a serious issue. In summary: this is a high risk platform and losing your funds due to other issues besides of bad trades could be permanent.

My p2p wallet has been disable ? Help me ,how to enable this p2p wallet

The Transactions Deposit with Credit card always Used to Be smooth ,But suddenly Everything slowed down.What really disappointed me is the Absolute Bad Support We get through Chat , No Kindness or passion to help, After Waiting 3 hours for Support Member during mid conversation he just closed up the Chat ,Didn't sort my issue or gave me a bit relief.

After they unjustifiedly locked my account for weeks I had to embarass myself holding a stupid sign on camera for their Chinglish speaking support to get my money back.  Not to mention all the P&D coins they list, their completely clueless CEO and them making money with shady practices: actively seeking to liquidate their own clients and horrendous listing fees.  Don't get fooled.  Go look for a regulated, honest exchange instead.

Hands down been customer for 3 years and i love their straight up attitude, never once had to use support everything just works. They have selection of coins they do many legit competitions their fee’s are good even if slightly higher than other places its worth it as your funds are safeu there! That can’t be said about 50% or exchanges. Also they have high volume so you selling 5€ worth of coin won’t crash the market as it can happen on them small exchanges.

Not user friendly at all. Put your money in it and you’ll have trouble actually figuring out where the f it is. Garbage platform. Good luck trying to close a trade as well .... set a SL or TP .... hahaha .... good luck! Avoid! Crap!

Binance.us is the worst. I was having an issue on deposit but still have not heard from them. What is the point of using their service when I cant buy at the dips. This is just too disgusting. There is no way to contact them either. For them it is simple "sorry for inconvenience". There is absolutely no accountability. I will close my account.

There is no easy way to withdraw your money. You have to have to send it to wallet, then to an online bank, then to your local bank/ card. on other hand, it takes one single click to deposit / buy a coin using UAE based credit cards.Personal, I am stuck in this platform until I make a high profitable margin as I will pay higher fees to cash than other users.

Customer service is very poor, they make promises but they never come true

P2p scammer customer service 0/100 they dont care promise u but dont do anything.. Someone scam me 50 euro.. Dont use P2P and if u get problem customer service not help you...

Very slow support but at least they are not killing us with fees, credit card fees are like 2/3$ and everything is fast

Not sure how Binance has so many positive reviews given their track record of manipulating results in their favour.

Disgraceful that a company the size of Binance can send funds to another wallet IN THE WRONG FORMAT THAT THEY DONT ACCEPT!!!! How on earth has that happened? I have now been told that I have lost my funds during the worst economic crisis in my life. Its a travesty that they are able to be so incompetent. I am going to make it my mission to let everyone know.

support trash, p2p sellers are dumb af overall not a good choice  ...

I understand these people offer competitive fees and capabilities to effect geared trades,etc. But the main and simple issues like funding an account with fiat money are almost an impossible task, it is bureaucratic, it is complex and after over 12 hours my payment status is "processing". This is worst than a third world bank. I prefer to pay Coinbase commissions but at least to have certainty. Will close my account as soon as they "find" my (NOT) "faster payment" money. Be very aware of dealing with these company

If you're looking for an experienced well-aged exchange it's definitely your pick. Never got a single issue with Binance.

i used binance for couple of years. if you verify your account and looking to trade or hold some crypto they are the best i believe compare to many. i don't know about investing with them but for trading i haven't had issue but only improvement and see the company growing.

These reviews are so funny, you can clearly see that the high reviews are fake. Don’t use Binance they take your money easy and you can’t withdraw it back out. DO NOT USE

Hi Trustpilot. Remember I reported on how Binance wouldn't release my said win? They eventually did drop it. For this, I'm taking back my negative remark. They proved once again trustworthy. Thank you Binance! I'm sorry that I flared and yelled gravels in my desperation.Thank you, again.

I invested a significant amount in BTC through Binance Tried to withdraw it to an interest bearing account Over 1 month later and a dozen emails from customer support where they robotically repeat the same request Still no withdrawalThankfully BTC price is moving up If it were the other way around I would be sooo livid right now I proved my identity as requested, by holding up my Passport with a dated selfie They asked me for TXID details for a transaction I made in 2017It is now 2020 Having been through five platforms searching for the TXID I cannot find which Transaction this relates to on any platforms I have used previously They are basically holding my BTC against my will DO NOT USE BINANCE if you appreciate financial sovereignty And this is what BTC is supposed to all be about !!!ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE AND STILL ONGOING

Didn't pay me the correct staking interest. Had to contact them 5 times, until they agreed to pay the remaining balance, but it will take almost another month  to receive it. Bad customer service

decent average. problem is the lagging that happens alot. good customer experience, overall average.

Im not sure why there are so many bad reviews here, but I have been working on Binance for the past year and half and turned my $1500 to $8700. I would definitely invest again in Binance soon.

Bank transferred them, no acknowledgement on my account. Support assured me money would come through which it has not. Avoid

Four weeks ago I tried to verify my identity on binance so as to withdrawal my money.  Through a series of unclear communications by them, my account was then locked.  After 8 days and about 4 emails on my part, I finally heard from them and was told I could now access my money; that was a lie.  I still cannot access my account.  I then tried to verify my identity but was told I needed to request a name change on my account (I accidentally didn't use my legal first name).  I sent the request on 10/17, and have never heard back from them. I wrote on 10/24 to again ask for help and have heard nothing.  Today, 10/31, I went to try to make a trade on Binance and was told my trading activity was suspended.  The bottom line is Binance happily let me deposit money but, when I tried to get it out, my account was locked and their customer support disappeared.  I would strongly urge anyone considering Binance to look elsewhere.  It is ok to have screw ups in a company but to have ZERO customer support is inexcusable.  You cannot get in touch with anyone and, frankly, it is clear that they don't care.  What responses you do get are canned, automated responses which have clearly been sent without anyone looking at the issue.I don't know what to do, I guess Binance won.  They took my money and apparently are going to keep it.  They don't care, they just want your money and, as soon as they get it, they could care less about what type of service you are receiving from them.This is one of the worst companies I have ever tried to deal with.DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO THEM!!!

I don't know why Binance has so many low star reviews. but I am a huge fan and supporter of Binance. and not only that I am a regular user as well.I use Binance to Trade Cryptocurrency. it's functions and features are very easy and smooth. the best thing I love about it is it allow users to deposit and withdraw a limited amount of funds without kyc. wich is 2 BTC per day. This is the biggest reason I use binance for my everyday crypto trade.

I placed my stoploss at 382 and when the market price was 386 my stop loss got executed. This resulted in a loss and the fact this happened shows how terrible their system is. How can you execute my stoploss when it is 1% below market price?? The Stop loss should only be executed when market price touches the stop loss. I also checked the 1 minute chart and there was no candlestick that touched my stoploss at the time of execution.

Can’t withdraw your money easily, system bugs all the time, you end up paying extra fees and STILL it crashes. Definitely can’t recommend for this platform to be used.

If you do not know how to use the features of this website and try to trade, you will definitely lose a lot of money.

Big bugs can happen on the app and kill your trade move.The customer service won't hear anything. Go somewhere else to trade.

In my first experience with them today i would say they are good, after making a deposit and withrawal today, i would recommend them to friends and families...Guys don't mind these fake reviews, go try them yourself!After coinbase comes binance.

One of the best, very serious platform like coinbase! I do not use now because there are now many other platform more user friendly!

Never trade here. They take your crypto and then customer service is worse than pathetic. Because it is a communist country you have no recourse to get back your funds. Took $1000 from me and now will not give me access to my account to take it out.

My favorite crypto exchange! They are a progressive exchange and are always on top of the game. Never had any issues with my account and the phone app doesn't crash like some of the others!@Trustpilot - why do you allow so much spam on your website!?! Just look at all these garbage spams below!! Not good.

Binance is not for newbies!Also there min deposit is £15 but after they take fees with that balance you cant buy anything as its min purchase of £15.  Unless you go to Basic trade and there is £10.But its not easy.Also when I went to withdraw my BTC i was charged 30% fees!Wow!On live chat when asking about this I was simply told "all fees are fixed" and the chat was abruptly ended

is this binance wallet or binance market.org please specif it in your comments

Uh yeah stay away they are shady. I tried withdrawing my funds and it got stuck and support said there was nothing they can do. Funds are not safu as the joke of a ceo says.

I have sent money to Binance and been guided by  a representative from Clearsave.io. I have made transactions with his guidance but the balance in my account is zero. Is this normal or not?

So many fake/scam comment about Binance!!Binance is a good exchange service, easy to use for newbies. Just do ur homework before invst in any crypto. And do understand trading tricks And Don't trust any of scamers/parasites,who's promising help and richness.

so much fake comment, Binance is the best exchange. i never had any bad experience yet. the fees are totally fine.

This exchange uses your money to vote on others blockchains!Yes, this exchange is not bad, a lot of coins to trade, normal fees. But they are using your money to vote in every decentralized blockchain. In EOS, for example. Is it honest? I dont think so

I have been unable to withdraw from my own account for several day my money is blocked in my own binance account because i cannot withdraw from it. My ticket number 4189184

I made a fiat deposit for over 12 hours and I haven't been credited on my spot wallet. The transaction has written expired and my money hasn't been reversed either.What do I do to get my money back

I topped up my Bitcoin balance as price dropped below 10k a couple of days ago. I logged in yesterday and my balance of bitcoin went down to zero as I was watching my screen. Bitcoin price was moving up. Online chat support keeps closing the chat and to submit a ticket the app crashes as I submit. This is being reported and I Hope Binance is shut down permanently. They are scamming where they can in a way that can not be traced. This is all to do with government that want companies such as Binance to obtain as much bitcoin as they can from people that are holding it. My balance was under $100 not really worth taking but it has been. Support for this company is dire. I will not be using services any longer. If your holding funds anywhere within Binance then get rid of them while you still have them.

Impossible to create an account since the verification code can't be verified. As simple as that. First time I can't even create an account due to security management. Which gives me an idea of the admins capacities ==> Unreliable platform

Solid crypto exchange. They're one of the leaders for a reason.KYC is smooth, and support is responsive.

Firstly anyone reading Trustpilot reviews must understand that "Review sites" are completely ravaged by fake reviews, and phishing/scam reviewers.  Sadly lots of the reviews here,  are as detailed. :(I am a long standing binance user.  I have had accounts with all the major crypto exchanges. I can say that Binance is hands down the most trusted, well serviced, responsive, pioneering, advanced, user friendly and fairly priced exchanges going. It is solidly reliable and safe.   Happy trading :)

BINANCE owe  me c £300 K held in a VIP walletI have asked for  all money back They  have agreed provided I pay Sherry Foods Ltd £3,5K first which turns out to be an East London Fruit And Veg wholesaler who's phone number is not contactable and have poor credit rating ! Any comments ?

Wow, I didn't know Trustpilot allows such a sh*tload of crap/fake reviews that I see here - these are obvious spam advertisements with phone numbers so easily obfuscated - a simple text processing script would detect them...Anyway - my experience with Binance is very positive. Of course you may lose money, hehe - it's trading, baby. Yeah, very different from 9-5 job. Stay in it if you cannot grasp the concept of risk.For me Binance:* is very secure and has a LOT of configuration options for security.* very easy to use.* very fast, secure and non-problematic transfers / deposits / withdrawals. I have never ever had a problem with it. Of course - I read and understand the instructions, and I understand how crypto works. If you don't - see my remark above.* graphs are excellent (from TradingView).* I haven't found better rates for buying with credit card, they have excellent rates.Thank you, Binance team, I love your work!

Hello, there are too many spammers on Truspilot.com, try to clean up unnecessary reviews

love using this crypto exchange. gives so much information and guidance along with the practicalities of exchange and good fees compared to some of the others out there

I got problem with "ACCOUNT UNDER REVIEW". After I want to deposit fiat currency, it shows me this. I this problem took 3 months and i contact them couple of times, how ever without any progress... They just.. dont know how to help you.. They cannot approve your account .. support doesnt know that. Everything is prob system done, and when prob occur they send u just FaQ.. like.. i need more then FaQ.. thats why i contact u on Email.. init.. Problem is not solved until this time, however i created another account but the old one still has my phone number so i contacted them to just delete my number from that first(problematic account) and I got reply again FaQ.. haha they just joke people working there knowing nothing. And the best email is that they dont hear from u so they marking this problem as solved, u can contactem them how many times u want they dont gona solve the problem but still marking it as solved, joke.

Binance was ok at the start but I started losing money so took a risk with futures and lost it all please please stay away from futures because it took me 2 mins to lose 1000 dollars all it takes is one big sell and your out of there. I'm back on coinbase now and made half my money back at least when it's your own your not panicking about losing it only depreciation of the coin for the time being. I hope this helps even 1 person ps be careful with all the comments below "claiming" to help you there nefarious characters out for your blood

I am from Australia. I recently join binance, all my identities are verified, however, it doesn't allow me to withdraw from my wallet it is not sending veritication code to my email. I have contacted the admin team they are way too slow to respond. I think they are useless.

I contacted Binance to deactivate my account with CS Scarlett, and I was asked to send a selfie with a hand written note, and i was like why would I reveal my identity to them and she was rude

Absolutely in love with this site, best for trading crypto assets and comes with a lot of tools and options (Y)

I am really satisfied with the services, it is the best platform I’ve ever used, they are straight forward and they don’t delay payments.

i have made twice a deposit to my binance wallet in UK account one transfer was failed by clear junction bank UK, and the second payment was processing for more than 3 hours i contacted the team they said we speed the process, but we can NOT promise this will not happened in future.

If I could I would give no star, the stupid bots are controlling all the coins. Whenever you buy a coin and the price always drop or stay below your buy in price. When you sell, the price goes up rapidly. This is stupid. I withdrew all my asset from binance.

hello, at this stage i just tried to withdraw my money back and impossible to validate my local address, whatever paper provided (telecom/internet/bank/electricity).i think i have been scamed and my identity also is in now stolable since they have my whole life with papers.600 $ invested and stolen.2 cases were opened, last one autoclosed by supportbot #3745192do not put 1 $ in this scam

Very bad! is scam!

whatever you do NEVER EVER lose your phone or change your number. They will not let you back into your account. I have tried all the ways to verify id with no luck . Thank god i didnt have much in the account there , i pretty much have given up . I have many accounts with different services and i have never had such ridiculous problems getting into my own account. Good luck calling them on the phone also. Sucks that in the USA you have such limited options for crypto trading so you have to use this company with poor service and poor english.

Very complicated but that's just learning curve as a beginner. The security process are completely nonsensical and long winded. UI and simple processes are very difficult to use.Customer service is very difficult to interact with.

Absolute scum bags! This is twice now they stole my money! The first time I changed my phone number, there is an option for that. So they kept sending the codes to my old number. Later I realized no one has an account number, so your account number must be your phone number and email. So then they tell me there's a breech of security? lucky I only had $300 US, there was almost $20,000 at one point, so it went on for months, emails and phone calls and kept getting more ridiculous.Now I just checked my new account to see if there was still $20 in there, NO! They stole that too! I havnt made any trades for about 8 months, If you change anything in your account or your inactive for months they steal your money!

Really -really- bad customer support.I needed the address of Binance in the UK in order to complete a fiat deposit. They took days to answer and then finally gave me the wrong address (the address of their bank instead of their own address), although I specifically warned them which address was meant. Their bank therefore bounced the deposit, sent the funds back to me with a horrible exchange rate and some fees. Lost 500 CHF in this transaction simply because Binance support is too lazy and incompetent to answer a basic question correctly.I wrote them again and am still waiting for a feedback.I cannot imagine having a real problem with multiple K$ on the line and needing them...They clearly do not care about their customers.Very disappointing, avoid this platform.

Locked my funds for 24 hours so I can't withdraw them?!!?!?! So now I have locked money I can't use!!! First it is very lengthy process to actually activate my account and now this!!! As soon as I get my money back I will not use this service!!!!UPDATE: Released the funds after 24 hours. Will be cautious in the future not to use their services especially when need the assets transferred straight away.

I love it, but there is a room for improvement.Updates are always on the spot and pretty fast.Support team is friendly and helpful.But fees are higher than in the other services.And the design of both android and ios apps is not intuitive whatsoever.

Largest exchange in the industry, orders are fast due to high liquidity. Many trading pairs. Priorities with BNB

They are scammers and have the shitiest support ever I've been trading there and they always fck with my money but last time I got total of 70 dollar in 3 trades in like 20 min and not that just they didn't gave my money they got some of money as well and the history showed me some none sense over all fck them and don't use their shiity platform

So far so good.Working for a few months. Identification is fast, a few hours. They have Russian support, that works fast and professional. Helped me a couple times.Some people were saying its a HYIP project, but it doesnt seems to me.Many fake reviews here with low ratings. Scammers are trying to advertise themselves with email in the name.Good job Binance.

Useless, impossible to reset mobile number customer service complete waste of time, SCAM AVOID

Don't trust this site, it's a scam. Never again, such a let down. Go to eToro or some thing like this, not this joker site.

absolutely love this service, can't say much negative about it.yes it has some issues, but they look very minor in comparison with other exchanges.

The best exchange! There are a lot of trading pairs.

Biggest cryptocurrency exchange by volume, have been using it since 2018. Hands down the best exchange to trade Altcoins and lowest trading fee. I don't mind leave a large portion of my crypto on Binance they are pretty secure.

Don't even try to resolve your issues with the customer support, its none existent. Disappointing to say the least

Binance.us I have a wire transfer in a large amount in pending status for a week now from my bank account. I have gotten no support, or answers for days. With several attempts. I'm a new customer first bank transaction stuck in pending status. I even ask for an amount of time should this take to clear. Mean while the assets I was wanting to invest in at the time are at higher prices, and I'm being left behind. Worst experience I've ever dealt with. Even as I'm doing this complaint it's still pending. Couple more days until I'll file a complaint with BBB, and who ever else I possibly can to get my money canceled or excepted. Debit card does work fine now, but doesn't change the fact I have a large pending amount which is throwing off my whole bank account. Is it going through, or is it going to cancel out. WT*

Dearest Binance Team Member,You ask what you can improve. I have pondered this question very deeply. Perhaps one ought to start at the beginning; your horrendously sounding name.Binance sounds like a painful and somewhat annoying tumour one would find in their bottom. Yes, I believe that would be a good start. But then again, I suppose after experiencing your trading “platform” (if one could call it that), one would soon realise that “Binance” is a fittingly sounding name. After all, your exchange does have the same effects as a tumour in one’s bottom; painful, annoying, and very very smelly. (Fix your shh*t please, sick of it).P.S. No wonder the majority of the reviews on TrustPilot are 1 star, it makes complete sense... Yours sincerely,McGloven.

Non existent customer service. I purchased some bitcoin and they locked my ability to withdraw for 24 hrs. Ridiculous!!!

They locked me out from using the withdrawal process. I don’t like the fact that they can control your money like that. Terrible customer service as well. Stay away from Binance

Never again !!! Such a big exchange should have some sort of insurance when you get scammed. It's even impossible to talk to real person when something happens to you account. Just stupid bots. Took all my coins from this pathetic exchange and will never use them again!!!

trying to log in and verify, it won't let me get past 2fa, spent the last week sending emails for support with no answer until today adn they just said try again. No phone support on their website no live chat not a good sign. I found the support number here but couldn't understand the persons accent at all but I think they said someone would call me back but now I am not sure it is even legit. why do companies not have phone support. Going to find another company BINANCE SUCKS

I’ve lost around $500 dollars through them they haven’t got the faintest idea what they are doing. They send constant auto messages with deliberately different reference numbers so it’s almost impossible to track your requests. They have sent me screenshots I have sent them as evidence of their work. Utter scammers, I am currently going through hundreds of auto crap to find the evidence of their continual scamming with their utter garbage developers.

I recently opened my Binance account but it has been very difficult to make a SEPA transfer as I initially wrongly selected my bank account location. This IT issue communicated to Binance Support center  and after 10 emails still not resolved!

AVOID THIS COMPANY. 1) I try to withdraw euro amount of 212, I use the 'recommended option' of bank transfer, I enter my IBAN and it asks for the email code, and also the authenticator code, I enter both codes, with still 45 seconds left on the time, and then the message 'withdrawal failed, not validated in time' This was the first lie.I then ask live chat to help, they just speak nonsense like clear cache cookies, use private window incognito etc etc, I try all this and still the same, and then worse. Now binance tells me I have zero euro balance and will not let me withdraw, this was the second lie.3, I am told via chrome private windows that my account is now locked for 2 hours, why ? also I try from safari and brave, and it allows me to login ! so why was it telling me before that the account was locked ? however still the same problem again, I can't withdraw as it says I have zero balance.Problem after problem with binance, none of it makes sense, just frustration and I can see now it is not safe to keep your funds here, they are not trustworthy, please save yourself a waste of a day and much frustration and just use Kraken. Binance and coinable are both untrustworthy and With the lies I have been told today throughout this problem, I know this for a fact, do not trust this company

If you are looking for a crypto exchange then Binance is definitely your choice. It has great and fast customer support, and literally the least chance of your funds being lost comparing to other exchanges.

Easy to trade there, so far is the best.Still there is plenty of problem during FIAT purchasing.I report several issues, customer support are just OKextremely slow by email, ok on Chat.

I'm in crypto since 2015, but I haven't been a trader before, just a holder taking advantage in high volatility time. I started trading 3 months ago. I knew that Binance is one of the biggest exchanges and has decent reputation, so I created my account there.I appreciate Binance competitive low trading fees and support of more than 100 cryptocurrencies. Due to high liquidity, orders are performed fast, without extra expenses. Interface is not convinient, but I used to it now.I can definetely recommend Binance for experienced tradors, but for beginners .... I'd like to find an echange with tutorials and consulting for newbies, with materials, with guiding that help to start trading. Otherwise I cant feel comportable 100%

Coinbase take $900 and the restricted my account  saying I am not eligible to use the blatform you cant talk to a real person and the help support sucks

A good project, a great exchange, a great team, working on the platform is a pleasure.

Absolutely terrible! I can't even get logged in because they won't send an email to reset my password and when they do literally like 2 mins later when I'm ready to sign in, it says my link has expired and I have to request another. I'm moving on to another exchange.

They're legendary, and any further comments are unnecessary.

The app and the website from a home computer has failed me now many times resulting in losses of around 500-600 usd each time. It seems when the market is moving strong in any direction it wont let me manually close a position or make a market buy. The error message it gives is that it says "MARGIN IS INSUFFICIENT" even when I'm trying to close my open position. I have videos of the screen with it doing this many times. I haven't had any problems with spot trades, but with BINANCE FUTURES it is just one headache after another with big losses because it wont let me close position or market buy.  Customer service is terrible and just give you text book answers and never really acknowledge it is their fault never. You might as well talk to a brick wall. I lose some trades now and again which are my fault, we all do, but i have lost a hell of a lot more because of their glitchy and poor interface @czbinance.I would avoid them like the plague!

very bad, i lost my money when i trade insufficent balance error

Guys, I just want to send you a message of appreciation. Great support, great service, it is a delight to be on your platform.

tried to top up my account with credit card, they asked for all cc details including 3d verification. and after that I got an email from advcash that I need to signup with them and make complete KYC to complete my payment for binance. and all this without! any information from binance that will be forwarded to an external payment provider! -> this is VERY UNPFOFESSIONAL and caused a lot of troubles for me to get my money back!... also I got no feedback from binance now over two days where I asked for solving this problem.

Anything that gets deposited to this site will not be permitted to withdraw. Thanks Mr.R0thschild.How is this legal? You still ask yourself?)))) Look around you, this is the world we built.

Be careful the 1-800 number that says they are Binace is a professional scammer , they are extremly polite but only want ro steal your crypto , BE AWARE , extreme warning !!     I was almost scammed but was smarter them them at the end

A while ago, I called customer service at Binance.com with the hopes of opening a margin account. I talked to a representative and while I was getting "help" from him, he took control of my computer and stole a lot of money from my Binance account. This website is very fishy, glitchy, and overall, traders should avoid at all cost. There is a reason where there are so many 1-star reviews. Binance needs to really rethink how their customer service and website affects it users as currently, it is very negative.

very bad service, locked my money, binance is a very bad app.they are chaning the terms & conditions, after you make verifiction they are still asking tons of questions, just a whole bad service and the account is stil locked.

They deserve ZERO stars. Worst platform ever. Dont waste your time or money. Glitchy system time after time. This is my 3rd year with the company thinking it would turn around. Im switching to TD and i think its the best decision of my life. The robinhood financial application again says i have lost my 2,375 shares. I legally still have those shares so what happened to them? Says stock is currently untradable. HA! What a joke. I sent several emails because guess what this shister of a company doesnt have phone support. Still no response months later. Obviously contacted securities lawyers. This has been going on for years. The villain has to be stopped! Thanks I later use the service of another broker which was great. Ember fund crypto investment

WHAT A WONDERFUL PLATFORM FOR YOUR TRADING

Over the years since I926, we have had issues of the Stock market crashing out or Brokers running away with our hard earn money. Just as there are legitimate brokers out there, there are non-legitimate ones too. If by any chance you happen to fall into the trap of illegitimate Broker like I once did, I am obliged to tell you that it's not the end of the world and you can still get your money back. A few months ago just after I lost a lot of money to a broker, I met Mr. Robert, a Fund Recovery Expert, at Global funding for Children Gala. What initially drew my attention to him was the very lovely shirt he had on, I approached him to ask where he bought the shirt from and we got talking. To cut the story short, he told me what he does for a living and my interest grew but I wasn't sure if he was legit or not at that point, so I didn't tell him about my experience with the Broker who fled with my money, although We were able to exchange contacts. Two days later, I asked a close friend "Sarah" about him, Sarah is a freelancer who works with different Foundations, she actually got me the invitation to the Gala and was there that night. It was easy to describe him because she saw us talking and laughing at the Gala. Sarah told me she had heard about him and that he was legit as he had helped a lot of people get their money back from Stock Brokers and Cryptocurrency companies. So I thought to give him a try, contacted him that day, I mean what was there for me to lose?... I explained my experience with the Broker to him and he asked for some details then went ahead to explain how he works, the terms, etc, I was impressed. As he worked on my case, he gave me updates until he finally recovered all my money. Thanks to him, I would have lost above $500,000 to that Broker.P.S. His CONTACT is on my profile. You deserve to get your money back just as I did..trust me the level of fulfillment is indescribable.

Disgusting service. Support have no clue to resolve ANY issue you have. Avoid as all they want is you to pay fees.Take note of all these 1 star reviews guys!! They dont write themselves.

I always so frustrated with Binance, there is always huge delays purchasing using your phone, that leads to massive lost of cash, in fact you still pay high fees but the app specially in mobile is always very poor developed with awful customer service. I will strongly recommend to be aware of this before you send any order

These guys are the Cowboys of the Crypto space. They lost my coins and blamed me. if you want a real exchange use NASH.

started trading and educating here during lockdown... i'm impressed with the Academy...

In Binance  future transactions, buy and sell orders are not displayed separately. Every transaction is in one position, we can not close position separately.  so  I lost 5700 USD . I want a refund.  Also  I put limit order . it is suddenly buy from market price. Limit order did not work.

Binance support is absolutely a joke. They will not help and do anything if your money is gone. Do not put money at binance I even have a ticket number here it is #2998810Binance will help hackers and scammers but not really people. I have 10000 my Xrp gone.Their support emailed back after 1 week and they regret they can’t do anything about it .Do not delete this message have people read it I have a ticket number and  a problem .Binance will not look after you

I have been trying to contact the support for three days and no response. My money is missing and no one cares. Do not put your money there.

It has been the third day I am not able to withdraw my funds from binance.com. I am being advised or told it is due to anti laundering money or something similar. I do not know what exactly they mean laundering money with my $184, but it looks to me more like bullying. I do not know much about the law, but definitely a bullied customer does not come back. You act as the biggest trading company out there, which you are not, but dear binance, you are not!

Really bad binance are using advcash. Makes binance look really bad

I like their trading platform. The only thing I had an issue with was the verification. It took longer than I expected from a giant company like Binance.

I am a Chartered Accountant and Chartered Tax Adviser in the UK, yet Binance.je did not verify me and did not want to do business with me and were unable to explain why! A waste of my time - I have been successfully verified by other financial institutions, Binance's verification process and follow up is useless.

They have no security so do not use this exchange. We have had bitcoin stolen and binance were complicit in it. Legal proceedings going on now.

STAY AWAY! They can freeze your funds anytime coming up with some BS excuses. They are not free market, but part of the bureaucracy machine. Dealing with them makes all benefits of security and anonymity disappear. I was unable to withdraw after exchange, they told its some kind of security without explaining any details. It was small amount, way less their limitsNow I`m stuck. Nowhere does it says that they can do it, just pure scam. Stay away at any cost

Binance is totally a scam.I bought crypto and they rejected the transaction. The  amount of my money and the transaction fee was held by Binance, of course.Its pretty ridicolous how unsafe and unreliable their system, and this is the world biggest crypto exchange.Never trust in Binance!

I tried a lot of exchanges but nothing beats Binance. I just loved it!I've mistakenly sent a token to a wrong address but the support service helped me in 24 hours and got my money back.

The best crypto exchange to lose your money! ;-) Seriously though, secure and easy to use website, good communication and support, and a good team.

Best exchange in crypto world. fast withdrawl just on 5 min landing to my wallet, and customer service so fast respawn

I like this exchange, been using it since 1 year and no problems so far! also they improve the platform every time.

This site is definitely one of the best platforms to trade on, unlike so many others that cheat. I feel many would have lost with one of them before finding their way to binance, like me. Well, you can hit up the retrieval team to retrieve those finances through their info on my profile.I definitely would not trade with any platform if it is not Binance. Thank  you Binance!!.

IF you compare Binance to Bitstamp for example, these are kids pretending to be doing business. Terrible at withdrawal, money lost directly and indirectly due to their system.

I lost everything due to server overload. They lied to me, and told me it was my isp. It was not!! They do updates on downward trends. Never trust these scammers. Never!!!

my favorite site until this day , after 2 years i had a problem , problem not solve , incompetent support team .

SCAMClaim to returned hacked money, lied and scam !Stay away !

A lot of people posting negative reviews and advertising their business. Binance is the best trading platform you can be in. They are reliable. If you follow the instructions, you won't lose your money. Trading is also for mature minds. For those saying they borrowed money to invest in trading... I laugh in Swahili... Get informed people!!!

DON'T FALL FOR THIS SCAM, BE AWARE. My funds have dissapeared from my account. When I contacted the Support to find out what is going on, the first time they told me they are under maintanance and this is the reason why I do not see the money. The next day - SAME THING, I wrote them again , they are sending me irrelevant links and when I insist they just throw me out of the chat. I WILL FILE A COMPLAINT AND MAKE A CHARGEBACK TO MY FUNDS. Open your eyes people and do not make the same mistake as me!

Complete waste of time.lost my funds then blamed me. Im sticking with NASH Exchsnge

Fastest crypto exchange, only thing that would be good is that you could enable credit card purchases.

I am getting good experience I hope it will work good more

They don't know what they are doing, lots of bugs and issues with this site

I purchased some WaltonChain tokens from Binance and tried to send them to my private wallet (a wallet that holds WaltonChain). However, the tokens never arrived and ended up in the WaltonChain blockchain (whatever that is) Firstly Binance said it was the fault of my wallet, i contacted them, it wasn't their fault as it hasn't been sent to any blockchains they use. After multiple e-mails to Binance and my wallet managers i have had no success. Eventually Binance said they could resolve the problem for a fee 50 USD which is a quarter of the value of the tokens. However, on the Binance site the default button to send the cryptos is WTC. Possibly is was careless but just a warning for other uses don't click the default button when sending this asset or you will get stung by the Binance team. This is ot the first time it has happened and i have just ended up writing off assets as their fees were higher than the assets. So please be careful folks, also, if any one knows how to resolve this for less than 50 bucks please let me know.

Impossibly hard to complete verification with them. I tried but seemed to be thwarted at every turn. They ask for a video of yourself holding an id and saying something like "this is such and such a date and is for my Binance account (email address). I took a selfie video and it was 56mb in size. Their instructions were to upload a file of max. 20mb....impossible. So I emailed them for help. At first they tried to help but their emails soon stopped responding. I sat at my computer for over 4 hours trying to complete their verification process. In the end I gave up. At that point I decided that if their customer service couldn't help, I may well have problems in the future if I did indeed manage to get verified. Consequently I emailed them and asked them to close my account....an account which had't been verified, and which had very little information about me so far. Their response was to give me a huge list of tasks to perform in order for them to close the account, ONE OF WHICH WAS TO UPLOAD A SELFIE VIDEO!!! maximum 20mb. I protested vehemently explaining that I was unable to do that because I had had difficulty at the outset. Nothing that I said would deter them from requesting that video. After many emails and escalations to their superiors I finally gave up. My account will sit on their books in perpetuity, unused. They must be so desperate to keep their customer base numbers up. For anybody considering using this company I would say don't waste your time unless you are a computer whizz kid. There are surely so many other options open out there.

they stoll from me 7600 trx and even replay or explain what happens

I was able to buy what i wanted kept it there for 4 years making a lot of money then used Binance jersey to take the money out so overall great experience.

Good exchange but fees are too high

Binance have just added "Faster payments" to their exchange. Ive used this on other exchanges and it works wonders. Unfortunately its not the same experience on Binance when depositing GBP.Firstly its not very clear what deposit method is the faster payments option. Its branded with a partner name so if you didnt read the press release you probably wont recognise it as a faster payments option.Then your told the minimum buy is £20 which is higher than most competitors. If you put your deposit up to £20 you are then pushed to an external partner site to complete the deposit. When you hit the partners site it tells you that £20 is too low and you need to increase it to £30 in fiat value (Why do Binance advertise it at £20???). THEN after you get through this minefield of customer flow, you are asked to sign up for an account with the partner vendor and must provide email+phone number. I stopped at this point. The customer journey is terrible, and there is honestly nothing fast about the payment method. I dont like from a security point of view that it funneled me through the third party vendor site, and its embarrassing that they let me move through the flow with an agreed £20 deposit and then demand this is increased to £30 near the end. When you then add on the additional account sign up needs, and length and confusion in the process. Its just nowhere near as good as Binance biggest competitor exchanges.

Had a great experience so far, easy platform, good BTC rate,fees a bit high to my taste

This is a shady company based in China with no known phone number. When my son died, I sent the necessary legal documentation and death certificate to Coinbase and they graciously transferred his account. Binance told me that I'm basically screwed and they are keeping his money. STAY AWAY!

Support has long response time. But generally good platform.

My experience with binance has been good. Liquidity is high for most markets as there are many users trading on there. Trades execute fast.Withdrawals and deposits could be faster. Even for something like Stellar which has 3 second confirmation, you can wait 10-20 minutes or more for your deposit to show up or your withdrawal to be sent to the network.In general it's very dependable and secure.

Good Exchange!huge market capitalization

The customer support is non existent. I spent 3 days exchanging emails simply trying to update my phone number and gain access to my account and eventually decided to abandon the account and find another site to trade on. Literally trade anywhere but here.

Extremely unhappy with them. Future kept freezing every now and then and I lost thousands of money. Customer service useless. they say if this happened again, contact us!. Is that something you should say to your costumers?!A few minutes ago binance froze and the costumer service asked me to refresh! I didn't tons of time but it didn't work. Meantime I have leverage on other platform and never have this issue. I'm considering to take all my currency away from there. Started not to trust them at all.

One of the best crypto exchanges around.  Advanced and trustworthy.

Exchange with a lot of currencies and pairs. You don't have problem when you have the KYC with 100 BTC LIMIT. You can buy with your credit card for 10 usd. The problem is the time to withdrawal to Bitcoin in others exchanges/wallet with 3 confirmation or more. You can adjust the time and you need to waiting 1 hour 30 in this market is too long you loss everytime. Because it's all about money I make 1 star! But you can't found better exchange for the diversification.

disaster 2FA  . don't let YOU withdraw crypto from binance wallet ! the process is the worst i have ever seen online . forget this site if you looking for smooth exchange !i spent almost an hour after i was forced to enable this feature . every time i was taken to next step to fill my phone number . however the withdraw did not complete .i asked support to help me . but CS salavador is inane lame. keeps educating me how this stupid feature help customers secure account , but not working to fix it. total fail .

Absolutley useless. Do not buy coins from them as you will never be able to make the website work to get your coin back. I have now spent two fruitless weeks just trying to change my email address.Their android app is even worse, no instructions, nothing. Their identification procedures are a complete joke and just do not work so you will never be able to complete the identification procedures.

Contacted the support with no response yet.I can't access my funds

They suspended my XRP wallet Withdraw for whole day without reason..

I did many great trading via this platform

Not so badi like this one

Binance is not a bad wallet or service, but without a doubt, justmycoins.com is just the better wallet and has a far easier, better and most important cheaper exchange service

Good exchange. The verification is fast and easy. Definitely a trustful exchange with a vast amount of tradable cryptocurrencies. Had no problems with them so far.

Very good. Sometimes the website can be a bit clunky but generally works smoothly for me and slightly cheaper fees than Coinbase.

The site is a scam run by bots. Just try and buy an altcoin and that altcoin is guaranteed to sink in price and stay there no matter what the macd rsi and volume say. Its run by bots looking to scam you. CZ should be in jail. He's a lowlife scumbag.

Way to complicated to use. I wouldn't  rush into using binance ever again. Easy to deposit your money but trying to get your money out is almost impossible with not help from them whatsoever

Its hard to understand whats the requirements for leverage trading expiriance.

Is a fake English company and very…Is a fake English company and very Tricks like binance.com !If you want to lose money, invest here.License for this site UK incorporation is dirt cheap and for the most part unregulated.It is a favorite for scammers looking to incorporate dodgy companies.

Good exchange, never had a problem

Mostly positive👌🏽

I have been using Binance for nearly two years and I never had any problems at all, I always withdraw my coins to my wallet or other exchange to sell them for fiat and it takes less than 30 mins always, I think 99% of negative reviews here are fake, I will keep using Binance forever, I hope they never shut down, I love Binance, it is the exchange number 1 in the world for a reason, and if you go on telegram you don't see people complaining like here, beware of all the scammers here offering support, there is not binance numbers support here.

Unbelievable!! They remove coins within 12 hours!! So that means on friday morning they post a tiny note about removing dent-btc ! Few hours later it’s gone!!! And the price is down 50% in the dent usdt market! Within seconds I lost 0.2 btc. They do it many times and with a lot of coins. They simply dissapear! It’s theft and criminal activity and pure scamming if you ask me!! And they sent you a email after : binance has the right to remove coins blah blah .... in other words : they can do whatever whenever .. they should protect their customers! But their game plan is to milk everyone dry if u ask me!  I spent over 30k and lost most of it on binance .. they offered me a box of cookies or some kind of gift!! F..k your gifts binance if you first take 0.2 btc !! Then it s a gift I payed for !!! For me no more binance! They should compensate me!!

it was a great experience they solved my problem in just 1-2 hours related to google authicator.i suggest everone to use this in order to save your funds

Yesterday I sold .5 BTC (Bitcoin) against the USD when the market was selling off hard. It was only half a bitcoin and these crooks executed me at 1800. That is not a misprint. It never traded below 8000 yesterday and I am sure size went through the market but these crooks gave me a fill below where it has traded in 3 years. They took 75 percent of my money on 1 order. Beware they are crooked.

This is not Binance Please do not call them, They are using the name of Binance to Scam the people. They are fu***g scammer..Request to google please close this as soon as possible.

Website interface has been updated, looks a bit better, but has refused some very interesting cryptocurrency projects due to the fact that the project runners would not pay them ridiculous amounts of money. Sad.

great variety of altcoins and ease of use

Excellent and honest exchangerToday i have sent xrp to binance and i wrote awrong tage.I contacted the support and they fix my issue and credit my xrp to my account in few hoursThank u very much binance

I happened to register with binance for a long term bitcoin trading and investment, before that my friend warned me not to use binance website because he already have lost bitcoins over binance withdrawal fraud system.I overwhelmed on bitcoin hype and just bought some bitcoins and deposited to binance account, now they don't let me withdraw my bitcoins nor let me delete the binance account.Now I am embarrassed in front of my friend who was once a victim of binance scams.

Sincerely, I believe Binance is the biggest scam in the history of cryptocurrency yet. I should have known when it is jam packed by lot of crazy collaborations to extort. They came out with a big scam in May, claiming SAFU will safe us all. I lost $35,000 to the whole mess. "Recovery Aid" via Skype helped me get my funds back in 3 days, surprisingly. I'd like you all to know that, what happened in May will reoccur. A lot of money will be lost to them, they will disappear and come back in another form. Open your eyes.

Binance does not give a shiitt whether you can withdraw funds, which is the reason you went there.  Air drops are a nightmare and they will fkukk you and tell you how sorry azz they are but basically write and tell you, oh we're sorry, happy trading which is code for go fkukk yourself.  Stay AWAY.  the other exchanges are improving.  diversity of coins at binance has MANY hazards to lock up your money and tell you too bad.YOU have NO recourse against them.  Who would you appeal to?  STAY AWAY.

I like them for keeping developing and being transparent even when there is a hack. But their support is weak. I need to wait for replies more then 6 hours...

Binance hijacked my coins. Not trustworthy. NO support.

Disgusting scammers!!! Let you sign up for free and no trouble at all, put in funds and trade -  once you try to withdraw or do anything with the money you gotta jump through 3000 hoops to just get your own money back! GIve them your phone, ID, take a million pictures with eyes mouth closed/open - nod, sit, die and come alive again so that they can believe it is YOU (because security!) all the while they didn't require any of that at the sign up. Effin SCAMMERS!!!

The exchange process is complex and unclear in areas. Although the team responds to emails quite fast, in dynamic Crypto market email exchange is not a practical solution, it should be at a live chat available at least, although landline service would be a more professional and reassuring way of communicatingGeneric automated answers to quires are typically not relevant to the questions and issues, therefore not always helpful and waste of valuable time. Overall it is fair to say that buying cryptocurrency is easy, but selling it is not. It is a downside in my opinion, that the company has no clear active office address and land line phones, location, etc. on its website.

I don't find the binance support system very helpful lately.

Wish I never came across Binance. Feel so ignorant. Binance makes it pretty quick and simple to set up and deposit into binance but I agree with Vessalo, it's so hard to get into your account if you change your number. Nearly one month for myself and despite their "changed your number?" link - leads to nothing and never works, they make it impossible for you to remedy the issue and get into your account. They do it deliberately I'm sure and use "security" as an excuse. To think of ALL the ID verification they got off you before setting up an account and there's no other way they can think of for you to get into your account ... Scammers. Trying to find a way to take legal action but is overseas chinese company. Beware - do NOT invest and read all the reviews. I hope this company goes bankrupt

Nice service, never had any problem with binance. They are a way more reliable company than others and without asking source of funds so often for transactions as other companies do.

Binance are nothing but theifs and there activities lately should be scaring ppl they stold 600 usa dollar from my account and i have the proof they stold it of me on there exchange. It was a inside job as they said i should of got a email to give approval but i didn't get one. It shows it on the exchange its gone. Then 3 days later after that they made a account in my name  on that email address and changed it back to my old email address. Thats is it illegal and i have the proof of that 2. And they take no responsibility at all. And all they say is call the police and we now that the police dont do nothing at all. The only way i can get it back is claim it on tax as a lose but i dont get what they stold of me. Every body be a where i have heard other ppl having the same problems on other site and groups

All the BNB in my Binance account was traded to BTC on 6/3/19 and then vanished from my account. I've been working diligently with Binance support to re-establish my identity, comb through all of my emails, analyze all the transaction data on their site, and they are refusing to budge on the 0.4519567 BTC that is gone. The trade orders are listed in my binance.com account on days that I was not logged in and hours after I had logged on last. If they're 2FA is working properly -- and I've been reading that there are questions about that -- someone got into my account through direct access to their system, without logging in as me.This appears to be a system security breach -- not an account breach -- following on the heels of their mid-May breach.

Never had an issue, and not sure why all the low ratings?Its prob the best crypto exchange out there.

I have funds of around $40 left on my Binance account, $20 of them in BTC. In order to consolidate what I have left in BTC and transfer it to my wallet, I passed identity verification on level 2 (which would allow me to transfer up to 100 BTC!) and also facial verification.So here I am now, trying to withdraw a ridiculous amount of nearly 0.003 BTC and Binance won't let me. Been in contact with their support for over a week now and must say, I have never experienced such appalling support service. All I'm hoping is I can withdraw my funds and never have to do with this company again. Ever.

Binance makes it virtually impossible for you to withdraw your funds. True story. I try to withdraw me funds. Binance says I can't because I changed my password. I need to wait 24 hours. Fine. 24 hours later I try to withdraw my funds. Despite verifying with my email and my phone multiple times, Binance says I need to send a pic of the front and back of my DL and a pic of me holding up a picture. Done. Binance says I now need to install their app onto my cell phone and complete their facial identification program. Okayyyyyy. Done. Binance says it's going to take a couple of days to verify everything and see if I can get my money. Good luck getting your money out if you ever make the mistake of putting it in.

It would be helpful if TP could weed through these crypto reviews and delete the "help you recover your funds" posts as these are pretty obviously just bottom feeder scammers who are skewing the review tallies.

The awful support ruins an otherwise decent exchange. A week to respond to a ticket is just way too much.

The phone number 844 517 3111 led me directly to a hacker.  While they were "helping" me resolve a Binance transaction problem they were helping themselves to my funds.  I lost thousands!  DO NOT USE THIS SITE/PHONE NUMBER

The website has lots of account protection options, even on the app.I'll give it 3 stars due to the fact they run trading competitions that help large traders more than the average trader.

My account is locked by binance without any explanation and all my attempts to reactivate my account failed and the answer is that my documents are unsupported  ... while all the documents I send for reactivation are on good quality and the same documents used for my verification level 1 I try to speak with someone but every time I receive only automatic messages from the bot ... I made an appointment with my lawyer for I lodge a complaint against you in court

Binance why I’m losing xrp from my wallet. The first time I notice is losing btc, then now xrp.

Binance will soon be going under, as they are one of the few exchanges that bites the hand that feeds it. Having over 60% of your trading volume on a single USDT pair and trashtalking USDT isn't very smart.

Low fees, good platform for novice crypto traders.

I will be forever grateful to Malaika recovery as it was a nightmare when i got locked out of my account holding about 5.5btc. Thanks these set of recovery agent as they helped me recover all my lost funds from Binance.

If you change your phone number and have SMS Auth enabled you will most likely loose your account due to the absurd amount of data they require (which makes it near impossible to provide). It feels like they do this on purpose with the excuse of security. Their support is ridiculously slow. Anyways... They dont need the absurd amount of info to allow someone to regain their account, feels like they want you to loose your account and crypto assets purposely. Been out of my account for a month now...

fast growing exchange with wide range of services

A below average exchange with lack of features other ones offer. The slow support doesn't help either. The amount of pairs it's the only thing it got going for it, but again, you've other exchanges with the same amount (or more) wile offering better conditions to trade.

Good exchange if you don't need the customer service. This is the best exchange to trade ALTS. Have been using Binance for 2 years and never had any issues except when I had to contact the customer service.

You're washed up, Binanc. You've had your days, now just exit the scene quietly.

I sent btc without any problems, later I changed btc to different crypto and tried withdraw deposit, but suddenly I received message "Your account withdrawal has been disabled due to abnormal activity on your account. Please complete ID verification to re-enable your withdrawal function.". It looks like scam, not as exchange

Binance bare thieves. They refuse to help reset your Google authenticator and keep pointing you to their broken questionnaire. What's comical is the keep asking me for feedback about my experience to where I let them know and nothing happens. They don't care about their users or their concerns. Absolute joke.

Works fine to deposit coins.  But they lock your account when you try to withdraw.  Deposit still works though .. so Scam it is.

One of the best exchange! Started trading on Binance and KuCoin at the same time. Love both but less coins to trade on Binance

Terrible customer service.  I was trying to get verified on the exchange to be able to move capital out (which they just freeze there until you do) for a couple of months now.  They keep rejecting me and requesting the same info all over and over again: passport copy, picture with Binance and date note, then a video with the same info, then another submission, which gets rejected by the system again, and the cycle repeats.  There is a bot instead of a person emailing you.  Then there is a person asking to do the steps you already did.  Then you get rejected.  Been 2 months...  Lost $30,000 because of this already...  The worst customer support ever.

If you get locked out of your account or forget your password, you will NEVER get back in. I know they want to prevent fraud, but most of the time they're just screwing over customers.

I was locked out due to having a new phone, and they would only unlock if I had a key, which was on the other phone. Also they do not make a tax sheet at the end of year, like coinbase or robinhood, your tax professional is forced to calculate every trade from a bitcoin decimal value into dollar amounts, (which means they need to know the value of bitcoin at the time of trade), which is very hard.  They do refer a third party application that can do your taxes for you.  But it costs money. They should offer it to every user.

Today withdraw xrp , really excellent than image . So perfect binance exchange . Recommend to everyone (**) , love

They list and delist and hence pump and dump prices at will. They have now delisted so many tokens/coins at random without giving heads-up or provide any legit reason it seems they just use it to increase their profits in insider trading. Have always been a big fan and loyal customer, but now only try to stay away from this exchange, because I don't want to get stuck with worthless coins on this exchange.

Very hard to use and withdrawal are frozen!! They want to take your money

Quick and trusted service. I didn't have to contact support so far, so I can't say anything about that part.

Binance used to be a really good exchange but after some time, things changed. Withdrawal issues and funds misteriously dissapearing. Changed exchanges and i'm much happier now. Sort your stuff out Binance.

I keep my money here! This exchange is perfect.

Their support team are a group of imbeciles. I've been trying to get my Google authentication reset for a week now. It's virtually impossible dealing with them. Ridiculous.

ALERT!!! 30-JAN-2019... Just had a nightmare experience trading on Binance.com... I'm an experienced crypto trader and was submitting an online buy trade for ADA Cardano from my computer screen. I set my ADA buy price and assigned 100% of the USDT wallet to the USDT field. I clicked the GREEN SUBMIT BUTTON to execute the buy and was horrified to see my ADA wallet had reduced by over half. I immediately checked my order history and was shocked to see the system had just liquidated over half of my ADA wallet [500,000+ ADA) instead of placing the buy order. Thinking I must have made a mistake I very carefully submitted a second buy trade absolutely ensuring I was clicking the GREEN BUY button and also making sure there was no data in the three RED SELL fields. It did it again and this time liquidated a further 8700 Cardano from my Wallet. As it had only taken out a small amount the second time and still not quite believing what had just happened I made a third attempt to buy ADA and used a relatively small USDT amount to buy ADA with USDT... Again I was very careful to CLICK THE GREEN BUY SUBMIT BUTTON having also carefully checked there was no data in the three sell fields above the RED SELL BUTTON and this time when I executed the trade it liquidated ALL the remaining ADA held in my wallet [400,000+]. I immediately contacted support but kept getting the same basic response that there were no problems at their end and that trades cannot be reversed. As this was such a serious problem I kept asking the support agent to escalate the support request to the highest level of the Tech team. I finally got the case escalated but not to the tech department and the second agent dealing with my request showed no interest in getting to the source of the problem. I waited patiently for 12 hours but had no replies to my urgent messages as the price went up and at time of writing I've currently lost my whole portfolio of over 900,000 ADA. I've been persistently requesting that the top tech guy investigates why THREE GREEN BUTTON BUY ORDERS executed THREE CONSECUTIVE SELL ORDERS with no data entered in the sell fields... 12 hours have passed and still no response from the technical team and a second claim by the support team that I made the SELL TRADES and everything is normal with their system. PLEASE – HEAD OF BINANCE TECH TEAM CONTACT ME URGENTLY as a full  forensic investigation needs to be undertaken immediately to find out how three consecutive GREEN BUTTON BUYS completely liquidated my Cardano wallet and my holding of over 900.000 ADA.

If you have any phone issues and cannot access your 2FA its next to impossible to re access your account. It has taken almost 2 weeks and I am still not in my account yet after providing so much information and sending my ID and photos of me holding my license and document they requested. All because I don't know the exact number of EOS I hold in my account.  I have been back and forth with them and they are so terrible. They won't accept any thing that I provided and I have provided a lot of info. I have no further info to provide to access my account.  Instead they send me an email saying "request to disable 2fa denied, start a new enquiry/ticket"  DISGUSTING!!!

Binance had it's days, but now they are just deplorable...bad practices, bad customer support...

I put my trust in binance and lost all of my investment due to their bugs and they won't even accept it as their fault!

Brain damaged developers made resetting Google 2FA is F********** impossible, not only you need to be accessing historical records from other exchanges to identify yourself you also need to re-upload ID documents make a photo of yourself holding note with current date and maybe dance around the fire showing your penis is clean i will never know because I quit. Unbelievable. Atrocious. Will use other exchanges who have brains and allow me access to my acc. No deposit for you noobs.

I am very happy with Binance. Especially since they paired XRP. This company is making moves in the right direction.

I started hating Binance app for trading. There is lot of bug issues and my last trading was suspended automatically. I will stop trading on their platform if they do not improve soon.

I am quitting my trading on binance for listing unwanted pairs. The fees has gone high. Too many trading suspend issues. The app version keeps hanging. No more trading on them.

Let's just say; IF you choose to use this cryptotrading platform, you can count on NO SUPPORT. When you contact their support, they let a human bot autorespond!(the irony) the links to the useless pages you JUST read.There is no using this platform without a véry costly learning curve.just due to a stubborn LACK of support.Even after pointing this out, the "employee" retured a couple of "getting started" links... Hehe, talk about pestering customers.And i mean; they're getting payed , and STILL are to lazy to strech their fingers and type. SUCH LAZY SUPPORT, caps just look silly.

Binance was once a good exchange, but it's turned sour. Shoddy support, withdrawal issues all the time and they just generally don't care about their traders.

Binance is a decent exchange that provide a great customer support. They got a good volume of liquidity. The trading goes smooth with them.

good only for the first year i had no problem with them until they ""suddenly"" brought a kyc form in front of every page i opened which prevented me to do anything on the platform except withdrawal , " without any notices or emails " . then there was no name of my country and some others in the kyc form to continue completing it ...

The worst support I have ever had to deal with.Do not,I repeat DO NOT use binance.An absolute joke.EDIT:Finally got it sorted.I will now award another star bringing the grand total to two stars.

This exchange is run by highly intelligent monkeys.......Humans created this exchange and assigned trained monkeys to maintain the system. The exchange is filled with bugs, as there is no order confirmation signal, and the screen does not AUTOMATICALLY refresh when you place or cancel an order so you can easily forget or not realise what is happening. There has been times when a order was placed when i was not even finished putting the correct price.  You can guess what happens when you contact their support, either a monkey or now i think they just have a automated computer that deals with you. First contact they will respond by sending you to FAQ, second response they ask for more information, third response is we assume your problem is fixed now.

A couple of friends use Binance, and they are not satisfied with them. Withdrawals are too slow, sometimes they take forever to complete, and their support, while decently fast, just replies with pre-written answers to specific problems. There are better exchanges out there.

Binance Exchange is a great platform to invest and trade as they are having good pair of coins as well as their trading fees is also low which is good for the low budget traders.

biggest mistake of my life that I invested in this exchange as everything looks fine from outside but after investing you will only gain losses. I did not gain a single time profit also after investing.

Support? What kind of support do you mean? there is no support. Very bad approach by not doing right service.

Binance is really lacking a lot when it comes to their customer support they never answer on time .more than that they are not having easy withdrawal system there are certain levels by which a person can withdraw funds are not at all supportive.

You should improve your support. They answer in a few hours, how do you imagine it? I am risking my own coins, and I have to wait a few hours, then wait a couple more hours. Too bad guys, hope you fix it.

Binance is a very good and solid trading platform. Security measure prompts for two factor which ensures and promises full guarantee of our investment. They have the operating address and mention it very clearly for our better understanding. I prefer Binance.

Trusting is the difficult part with them. They do not accept fiat transfers. Margin trading is not allowed. They do not have live chat support and the queries must be raised through email and keep on waiting for their answer. This website sucks and the beginner will not be able to understand. They do not accept any bank payment methods.

Binance customer support is the greatest lack when it has been compared to other exchanges. They fail to answer most of the questions. There are few levels to withdraw the amount. Only after reaching certain levels you can withdraw more BTC. Otherwise the withdrawal is limited. It is an average exchange.

EDIT 2021: (previous review deleted after this happened)my previous experience was "good", but earlier this year, i was hacked/scammed. Used their site and mobile app.And Binance have been nothing but a pain in the ass since + non existence, ignoring every message ect. Even when tagging the support or CZ himself on twitter, they completely ignore you. So have to lower the rating and not recommend you to use the site.it's like "well we are rich now, so fuk you".Use a site with an actual contactable support and also not with your EMAIL as username login. Emails can be found everywhere. Harder to find your random username. Cause the scammers got my account locked by spamming a wrong password by having my email wich isent hard to get, when every site sells your information to everyone nowadays. So i had to go to, (be lured into a trap), the re-open account progress. And managed to get the acc open via Binance own app. but lost my funds couple days later. They apparently had been invited in by the Real support. THAT is poor security. To thereafter enable api on my account without me having to verify anything or get notified about the changes.My PC and phone havent got a single malware or anything on it. so they have to be insiders or just pretending to be me with the real support. But that is low tier security then, if they arent more certain it's me, when opening account and setting the api.None of their actions had to be verified by me apparently. Bye bye life savings towards mom with Cancer.

Binance is having very buggy platform to work with and more than that no proper customer service is available for customers.  I tried and experimented this platform as it takes ages for traders to process and fees are also on higher side.

Binance was good at the beginning but now they have lost lots customer due to their improper support. They stopped worrying about the customers issue. Last week binance had a downtime and I lost nearly 25% of my margin trading.

do not touch - ive lost 1000 dollars due to my account being hacked As a consequence i was locked out for two months and binance made every effort to stop me re entering my accountjust managed to login today and found my money has been stolenThe resonse from so called customer services is non existent and all they do is keep your money and palm you offJust dont

Waited almost 30 minutes to get my account in one place.

Better than yobit or livecoin for sure!﻿

I am very satisfied with Binance exchange . Smoot deposit , withdrawal and trades .Fast customer support respond .                                                     EASY TO USE .                                                                                              Highly Recommended

Absolute the best and the only company i trust in this market. Keep up the good work !

Used Binance quite a few times now and was not aware they were from malta after reading this cracking review on CoinSpectator.

Best Exchange everI can't imagine the crypto space without BinanceEasy and hassle free withdrawals, Almost Immediate verification process, Superior Support, timely and helpful, Amazing trading platforms, available in web, PC client and app's, most important, your money is safe and secured; I'd give 7 starts to Binance.I'd give 7 stars to Binance.

NOT GOOD SUPPORT.I WAIT VERY LONG TIME FOR VERIFICATION.I RED ALL NEGATIVE FEEDBACKS AND I'M AFRAID.PEOPLE LOST THEIR MONEY.

Scam. Stole my money

Transferred BTC to a alt coin and it says transaction completed. Wait 5 days later funds still aren’t in the balance of the guy purchased. Message Binance and customer care says it’s my fault the BTC isn’t in the alt coin I purchased and they said to recover it will cost .01 BTC. What an outrageous fee for a stupid bug on their end. My transaction was only about $95 dollars anyways and now they want to take $50 of that.

Good for altcoin trading, sometimes a little confusing but better than bitfinex.

Very bad, can't trade it always stuck when its time to trade. Really bad

Seriously?! Two months to verify my identity!!! Not to mention that in the mean time i contacted their support team asking if there was any issues with the documentation and they simply didn't bother to reply to my tickets. Binance please improve on Customer Service

One of the worst exchanges out there for sure, they took over 3 weeks to validate my registration and confirm my details, after it was all fixed I had a problem with depositing USD into my account and the support took one intire week to answer me without a fix for this problem... Well I'm happy It didn't work out now!

Transferred money. Amount shown as 'pending' even after 15 days not credited. I am unable to trade and can do nothing. Unacceptable delay.

Lost lot's of money with the recent hacking on Binance please fix your security issues! Support took way too long to reply to simple questions and to solve my account issues.

Super service, never had an issue with them. The best exchange around for me. 10+

BINANCE HAD A SECURITY BREACH ON THE 13TH AND 14TH OF MARCH 2018, CAUSING MANY CLIENTS TO LOSE THEIR FUNDS INCLUDING ME.... MY ACCOUNT GOT HACKED WHILE THEY SHOULD BE PROTECTING IT...THE ATTACKER GOT THROUGH TO MY ACCOUNT BEFORE I EVEN OPEN THEIR RESET SUCCESS EMAIL!!!I DO NOT HAVE BOTS AND I DO NOT POSSESS REGISTERED API KEYS!MY GMAIL IS TOTALLY SECURED ALL IPS ARE MINE!WE SHOULD HAVE OUR HARD EARNED MONEY BACK!

BINANCE HAD A SECURITY BREACH ON THE 13TH AND 14TH OF MARCH 2018, CAUSING MANY CLIENTS TO LOSE THEIR FUNDS INCLUDING ME.... MY ACCOUNT GOT HACKED WHILE THEY SHOULD BE PROTECTING IT...THE ATTACKER GOT THROUGH TO MY ACCOUNT BEFORE I EVEN OPEN THEIR RESET SUCCESS EMAIL!!!I DO NOT HAVE BOTS AND I DO NOT POSSESS REGISTERED API KEYS!MY GMAIL IS TOTALLY SECURED ALL IPS ARE MINE!WE SHOULD HAVE OUR HARD EARNED MONEY BACK!

Really unhappy with Binance, they made me lose lots of money! Had some trouble selling/buying coins and only 13 days after contacting their support my issue was fixed...Please do not use Binance, you will end up like me most likely!

Its great, easy to use. quick money transfers. Easy to withdraw money also. Very low fees compared to other brokers. very satisfied.

Awesome gui and awesome speed server. Additionaly, when closed for maintanence they did trusted explaning. I liked they.

Yesterday I found this information, can someone confirm? I think it's better to withdraw funds and look for another exchange:/Write in google: Binance owner arrest in China"Money laundering and other forms of financial and business crime!"

Lost my two factor I cannot recover because each time I sent a mail to support. They delete and dont reply me but with use these guidelines...Im locked out of my account stay safe there

Good place for starting out with the cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin. They have a great number of different coins, but it's not clear on what metrics they add new ones, which is concerning a bit.

It's fast, it's working, I didn't notice any downtime. Crypto transfers into Binance were available immediately, right after confirmations on the Blockchain.

Frankly, I am very happy with them, tons of coins to trade, good interface, fast deposits

Very poor customer serviceBinance please reply!ID:  #472766

The customer service is one of the baddest ones I have ever come across. I am not getting any replies and they are closing my tickets that I submit without replying. I see so many others with the same problem. BINANCE PLEASE REPLY TO MY E-MAILS. Ticket ID 	#467648 and #380183

Site easy to use, but be very wary of the fees they can be very expensive.Like Monetha, I purchased 91 tokens and Binance took 35 tokens to transfer the coins. There should really only the gas to pay, and at that a bare minimum. I definitely be not using them again.

Was a difficult at first, but I have managed to get my coins.

This site always stops working.too slow

It is easy to use, has a wide variety of coins, and it works as advertised. The ID verification was very quick. It took a couple of hours for my BTC deposit to get approved, but I guess that is on the network, not on them.

Binance is far better then any other exchanges . I was trying to buy some ripples from last one week . Tried changelly .com they are rubbish its been nearly a week now still has not received my ripples in my wallet. So after reading all reviews on different sites decided to use Binance took me 20 min to buy ripples 1. Bought BTC from Coinbase 2. Transfer BTC to Gdax (to save money) 3. Transfer BTC to Binance 4. Buy XRPAll done. I should have done last week. when the price was low. But hi ho its all done :-)Thankyou.

The best exchange ever..They are going to reach far.

It is not so easy trying to get a hold of new cryptocurrency or find a thrustworthy platform out there, but this is in my honest opinion the best option out there.Set up an account (make sure you have a google authenticator on your phone), send your crypto of choice to binance and swap it for any other crypto. (they have soooooo many valuta!)I deposited Bitcoin, swapped it for Ripple and Ether,and then transferred it back to my personal wallet. this whole process took less then 10 minutes.Binance also has a quick and easy referral systemThis lets users gain small rewards for adding friends, a great way to reduce the already low transactions fees.

Great UI/UX, self-explanatory & FAST registration process. I'd love to see a greater choice of altcoins in the near future but as I can see from your twitter account, you are constantly adding new.Recommended exchange platform!

Great exchange website : instant transaction, easy deposit, no id verification needed under 2 BTC withdrawal per day and most importantly you have many coins and tokens to choose from when you invest.

Untill now they are doing great, fast transactions, reliable.. they are totally different from worthless platforms like cex.io , keep good work

So far everything works, does seem legit.

Surprisingly easy to use,quick ID verification,fast transactions...a breath of fresh air after dealing with dodgy sites with impossible verification bugs in their systems...like CEX and coinbase which are a total joke!

